# [UPDATE] I (29F) keep finding long hairs in my bathroom, which is strange because my husband (32M) is bald and I have a short pixie crop hairstyle

**Sub:** r/relationship_advice  
**Author:** u/throwra_advice12  
**Score:** 131,693  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/hu3e0a/update_i_29f_keep_finding_long_hairs_in_my/  

---

[https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship\_advice/comments/hr9oxy/i\_29f\_keep\_finding\_long\_hairs\_in\_my\_bathroom/](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/hr9oxy/i_29f_keep_finding_long_hairs_in_my_bathroom/)  &lt; Original post

&amp;#x200B;

I ultimately decided against getting a secret camera set up because ironically enough I didn't want to betray my partner's trust. Though part of me wanted to get one to squash any worries of someone living in my walls, as per some comments said!

I did though plan to leave work early, which is something I've never done before. My boss allowed me to leave after a half-day.

Upon returning home, nothing seemed amiss. I was expecting another car on the drive or parked outside on the street. There was no other car I didn't recognise. Quietly letting myself in, I was immediately confused. In the hallway, there was a pair of shoes I didn't recognise, and not only that, they looked like men's shoes.

Standing in the hallway trying to work out what to do; if I should sneak around or make my presence known, before I could decide, my husband walked out of the kitchen with two cups of tea. By my husband's face it was obvious he was surprised to see me.

Playing along with naivete, I asked my husband how he could have known I was coming home early to make me tea? Expecting my husband to lie, he surprised me by sitting me down and explaining everything.

At the beginning of lockdown, his friend; someone I'm not all the close with because only met once, was evicted, lost his job, and had been couch surfing. So for some days over the past couple of weeks, this guy has been travelling to our house, and with the acceptance of my husband, using our bathroom to freshen up to attend interviews. He was also borrowing shirts and suits from my husband. As it turns out, my husband's friend has long hair and a beard.

So it turns out my husband isn't cheating on me but was hiding the fact his long-haired friend was coming over to use our shower. After his shower, I ended up meeting "Dave", and he turned out to be a very nice bloke just down on his luck. I wished him the best for his socially distanced interview and he went on his way.

I asked my husband why he didn't just tell me, as I wouldn't have had a problem with it. Turns out he was worried about my reaction and me not liking his friend or approving of the situation. He also told me Dave was very embarrassed about the whole situation and didn't want people to know what he was having to do. I told my husband I was starting to believe he was cheating and he was shocked, having not even considering those implications while attempting covering for his friend. I told him this whole thing was ridiculous and even suggested his friend live with us until he's back on his feet.

Funnily enough, my worst-case scenario which was mentioned in the replies was either a homeless man or woman living in my walls and sneakily using the shower. And though this seems to be half the case, I'm glad it wasn't a stranger as such that wasn't unwelcome and someone that wasn't living in my walls!

&amp;#x200B;

Thank you everyone that commented and took an interest in this!
