# UPDATE: my son and his "friend" are a couple. How do I let them know it's okay?

**Sub:** r/relationship_advice  
**Author:** u/throwralovemygayson  
**Score:** 80,298  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/fwog3j/update_my_son_and_his_friend_are_a_couple_how_do/  

---

I tried yo post this before but it got removed as I hadn't waited 48 hours. Hopefully this time it works!

Hello, lovely people. As promised I am back with an update for you on all what happened the other day. [Here it is, if you missed it](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/fv7ec7/my_son_and_his_friend_are_a_couple_how_do_i_let/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share)

Want to top this off with a big thank you to everyone who left such lovely, thoughtful comments. I honestly didn't expect so many people to see the post, I was thinking maybe an absolute maximum of 100 people and even that seemed like loads. It was lovely to hear back from so many of you, and I'm forever grateful for the fantastic advice most of you gave. Also overjoyed by my new adopted reddit children haha you're all doing amazing and I'm very proud of all of you. Also big thanks to all of the lovely people who sent me such sweet messages of support, and to those of you who reached out to me because you felt you needed someone to talk to. If anyone else feels that way and is in need of dadly advice, do feel free to give me a message and I will do my best to help out :) 

Okay you all want me to shut up and tell you what happened haha. My son was busy with some assignments both for his freelancing job and his uni work most of the day and I didn't want to disturb him so I waited until after dinner to chat. "Friend" went to have a bath while my son and I watched telly. I tod him face to face "Son, I love you very much. You don't have to tell me anything you don't want to, but I want you and [friend] to feel comfortable being yourselves in my house and you don't ever need to hide anything from me, alright?" 

Well, it turns out a hell of a lot of you were right. Son burst out laughing and said "oh thank *God*, I reckoned you'd clicked on but didn't say anything because *I* didn't want to make *you* feel weird". Basically we've each been pussyfooting around the topic because neither one of us wanted to make the other uncomfortable talking about it. We had a bit of a chat and he confirmed that I'm right in thinking they've been together since their first year of uni and that's why they moved in together in second year. However, apparently I'm not as brilliant and intuitive as I thought because apparently one of his friends in secondary school was his boyfriend for a year and I had absolutely no idea haha. He went and talked to the boyfriend after his bath, and then we all had a bit of a further chat. Sadly a lot of you were right that the reason boyfriend doesn't have a good relationship with his parents is because he came out to them a few years ago and they effectively disowned him, so I made sure he knows that he's a part of our family now. 

Sorry if that isn't all as exciting and groundbreaking as some of you had hoped haha! I'm glad this is something my boy no longer feels he has to keep from me and I'm very glad he's happy with his partner. Thank you all again for the help!
