# [update] my [32M] best friend [30 F] asked if I would be her sperm donor for her surrogate, I am in love with her but sje has no idea.

**Sub:** r/relationship_advice  
**Author:** u/buggybabybumperboats  
**Score:** 68,121  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/awmlep/update_my_32m_best_friend_30_f_asked_if_i_would/  

---

I appreciate all the feedback, most of you were nice. There was a few idiots telling me I needed to be Alpha and be more manly.. but whatever. 

Anyway the consensus with my RL friends was I needed to tell her. We do Brunch on Saturdays because she does Yoga Sundays so we met up this morning. 

I could barely eat and she could tell something was up. She got worried thinking I was going to say no or something worse so by the time we took a walk both of us were nervous wrecks. 

I sat her down and told her everything how I realized I was in love with her several years back but was to much of a chicken shit to come clean. I told her that I never said anything because I did not want to jeopardize our friendship. Her face turned white then a myriad of expressions came over her face then she started laughing till tears came down her face. 

I honestly was stunned, my stomach was in my throat and I honestly thought that almost 12 years of friendship were down the toilet.      Then she started crying, sobbing really  and she lightly hit my chest. She half laughed and sobbed that she was in love with me too but she thought that it would also impede the friendship we had and she wanted nothing to screw up what we have.

We hugged and I told her that there is no one on this earth I would want to have a child with but her. We talked for hours ,in fact I just got home. We have decided that we want to focus on us for now. I want us to be at that point that we can do it together. 

I know that this isn’t a rom com, and that things could end up not working out  for us in the end. 

However I am pretty sure if there is such things as soulmates she is mine.

Thank you guys and gals for giving me the courage to tell her
