# [UPDATE] You were right. I ignored every single one of your comments and eventually caught my wife with the other man

**Sub:** r/relationship_advice  
**Author:** u/ThrowRA_0123  
**Score:** 61,881  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/h9wv4x/update_you_were_right_i_ignored_every_single_one/  

---

This is a tough pill to swallow, and I can't say I hadn't been warned. [This is my previous post.](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/g8d98r/wife_had_been_flirting_with_her_coworker_she_said) Many folks asked me to follow up with an update so here it is, fresh from the oven.

After reading every single comment of the reddit post, my brain just couldn't overcome the catastrophe and the collapse of the world I had built for me in which my wife is my love, my best friend and partner, as well a the person I admire the most. She was entirely perfect, and made me happy for many years. I thought no couple in the world could have what we had. We were both very happy for a long time. We were both attractive, we were both inherently good, had big hearts and were individually wildly successful in our careers.

After the reddit post, I moved to an airbnb and eventually with family to think things through. It was a terrible time but a psychologist helped me recover from a terrible mental state. It coincided with the pandemic hitting very hard in my city (I caught the virus), which didn't help.

During this time, we kept talking and my wife was very sorry and continued saying they hadn't met. I knew it wasn't true but was willing to forgive the woman of my dreams, who continued being in the highest altar of my universe.

Fast forward last saturday morning, I went back to our place, ready to forgive her and talk things through in the most mature way possible. And well, there she was, but I was the one who received the biggest surprise, to say the least. The guy was in my house naked, and so was my wife. The guy from the messages, the guy from the pics. The one she said she didn't even like. I caught him hiding in my bathroom as my wife was putting her pajamas on. When I saw him hiding in my bathroom, he uttered "sorry dude". For a second I asked myself, is this were I kill him? But I instantly replied "I got nothing against you", because the guy was just nailing this hot woman. Even if he was doing so in a house full of pictures of me. Pictures of our wedding and our families. Pictures of my dead father who would be so sad to see how the marriage he never witnessed was going to end. He has always been the reason I try to make the world a better place. He passed away two months before our wedding.

I'm sorry. I still love her to death. But I understand enough is enough. Even if my world collapses, I hope I can build a new one without lies and in which I'm not just a blind believer under an altar of a fake god.

Godspeed.
