# [UPDATE] My grandparents don’t approve of my relationship with my black boyfriend, and don’t want me (F24) to marry him (26). I don’t know what to do, since I don’t want to lose either of these people (my boyfriend and my grandparents).

**Sub:** r/relationship_advice  
**Author:** u/Throwawaye615  
**Score:** 59,989  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/d4ofaz/update_my_grandparents_dont_approve_of_my/  

---

Hey guys, thanks for all your responses on my [previous post. ](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/d0fmrl/my_grandparents_dont_approve_of_my_relationship/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)

It was all really good advice, but the very best out of it all was the suggestion that I come clean to Sam. I did that, and he reacted in a surprisingly calm manner. I asked him how he’s taking it so well and he told me he’s experienced something similar before. 

His cousin had come out as gay a few years back, and he told me how his own grandparents reacted very poorly to his cousins revelation. He told me they absolutely refused to acknowledge the fact that he was gay and said some pretty hurtful stuff along the lines of how his homosexuality would embarrass them in front of all their family and friends etc. They wouldn’t allow the cousin to bring his boyfriend to family gatherings, and threatened to cut him out out of their inheritance unless he “got his head straight”. 

He then showed me pictures of his grandparents laughing along with his cousins husband, pictures of them at his cousins wedding etc. He told me they eventually grew out of it and as they go to know him they really bonded with the guy. 

Sam joked that he wouldn’t give my grandparents a choice and that within a month they’d be in love with him. 

Well I think it’s working. Sam and I have dinner at my grandparents house every night, and each night I notice them more and more at ease and more avidly taking part in our conversations. Sam and my grandpa are both WW2 enthusiasts, and my grandpa absolutely loves having discussions on the subject with Sam. 

I decided to update this post because last night something very special happened. I got there before Sam, and I could _see the disappointment on their faces when they thought I had come alone_. They asked where Sam was, when he was coming etc. Then they said we wouldn’t start eating until he arrived. 

I’m just so incredibly happy that I get to keep both relationships.
