# HAPPY UPDATE: It has been 7 months since we learned that my wife (34F) can’t have kids and she still has not “gotten over” it. I (35M) am seriously considering a divorce.

**Sub:** r/relationship_advice  
**Author:** u/wifeneedshelp123  
**Score:** 59,589  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/b3m2gk/happy_update_it_has_been_7_months_since_we/  

---

ORIGINAL POST: [https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship\_advice/comments/b1982e/it\_has\_been\_7\_months\_since\_we\_learned\_that\_my/](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/b1982e/it_has_been_7_months_since_we_learned_that_my/)

Hi all. First off, I want to apologize for not responding to every single post reply or PM. I am genuinely touched by the sheer amount of support I received and I spent quite a few hours crying my eyes out as I read your messages and well wishes.

The night after I wrote my original post, I wrote my wife a short letter (thank you /u/Witchy_Woman420 for the idea) that went something like this:

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

“Dear \[Wife’s name\],

I love you more than you can imagine and the most I want in this world is for you to be happy. I understand that as a man I probably have no idea how intense the pain that you are feeling is. I’m doing my best to help you but the fact that you won’t help yourself is taking a toll on our marriage. I honestly cannot continue living like this for much longer and our marriage is in jeopardy if you don’t make an effort to get better. However, I want to get over this bump together and start working in the right direction together. I’m ready to talk whenever you are.

With all my love,

\[My name\]”

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

I put the letter on top of her laptop and went to bed. The next morning (March 16th), I woke up a bit earlier than usual to fix her a double helping of her favorite breakfast: blueberry pancakes, bacon, scrambled eggs, and fresh squeezed OJ. When I walked into the bedroom with her food, I saw her reading my letter. When she saw me, she put the letter down, got out of bed, threw herself into my arms, and started crying. Full on, Niagara Falls level crying. I hugged her tighter, told her “I love you so, so, much”, and started crying too. I honestly don’t know how long we stood there hugging each other and crying. It could’ve been 10 minutes, it could’ve been an hour, I didn’t care. When she stopped crying, she promised me that she would go to therapy. Reddit, you guys don’t know how thrilled and proud I was when I heard those words. She then asked me if we could go on a trip to Japan because in her words “I really need to leave this fucking house for once and get some fresh air.”

I was so fucking proud of her when she took the initiative in planning our trip. She’s always been a methodical, organized person and as she booked the flights and hotels I saw in her eyes the same spark that made me fall in love with her 8 years ago. We just finished packing for the trip and she fell asleep with the faintest of smiles on her face not too long ago. We have a 5AM Uber to catch, a trip to enjoy, and both therapy and dog-shopping sessions lined up when we return.

We’re not quite out of the tunnel yet, but we can see the light at the end.

EDIT: I'm going to bed. Thank you to everyone who followed my story and offered their well wishes.
