# UPDATE:My girlfriends father discouraged me from proposing because their family isn’t thrilled about us having “Dark Babies”

**Sub:** r/relationship_advice  
**Author:** u/ThrowRAmixedbabies  
**Score:** 54,722  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/hyx61u/updatemy_girlfriends_father_discouraged_me_from/  

---

[original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/hx9boq/my29m_girlfriends27f_dad_discouraged_me_from/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)

Thanks for all y’all’s input it really helped and most of y’all were right on the target.

Yesterday afternoon I sat my gf, Naomi down and had a conversation with her about what her dad said to me. I tried to leave out any mention of proposal and told her I was in their neighborhood and decided to pop by (Terrible lie, I know but she bought it). I told her what her dad said about us having dark babies and asked if she had any similar feelings about our kids popping out half black. She looked at me like I was out of my mind. She told me she didn’t give a fuck about the color of her kids as long as I was the dad, which was reassuring. She was not so happy with her dad. She wanted us to take a drive over there and talk with her parents about it. 

That evening we dropped by unannounced and when her mom opened the door to see us she immediately asked Naomi to show her the ring. Naomi was confused and I about shit myself. I, like a dumbass, didn’t call ahead to her parents that I hadn’t proposed. I guess her mom thought we were going to surprise her with the engagement and assumed I had already proposed. I was speechless. They began speaking in Korean, but from context I assume her mom was asking if I was too cheap to buy her an engagement ring. And Naomi looked at me and started hugging and kissing me. My secret was out and I told her I had already asked her parent for their blessing. She was a few seconds from crying but sucked it up so we could speak to her dad. 

Like I said in my og post my future father in law isn’t great at English so he and Naomi spoke in Korean. According to Naomi, she asked him why he told me that, and he said that he was worried about their extended family not viewing our babies as Korean and being rude to them or me for being black. I guess this did not come across well in English, because he was just concerned for me and our kids. He didn’t care that our babies would have dark skin. This was a huge relief. Her father isn’t the racist their extended families are (but like, fuck them who cares what they think). I am just so glad that our future kids are going to have grandparents that are going to love them. Only downside is now Naomi is expecting my proposal so I really got to knock her socks off.

Thanks so much for all the help.🤟🏿
