# Update : Wife (38F) is convinced that she is pregnant even though that every pregnancy test (store-bought and medical) comes back negative. It's taking a toll on our mariage because she thinks I am going to abandon her and "our twins"

**Sub:** r/relationship_advice  
**Author:** u/itsathroawai  
**Score:** 54,543  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/d1ka8d/update_wife_38f_is_convinced_that_she_is_pregnant/  

---

It has not been that long but i need again advice from you guys about the same topic.

[^((Original Post)](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/cyh5cv/wife_38f_is_convinced_that_she_is_pregnant_even/)^()^) 

I called up our primary doctor and told him about the problem . He seemed very concerned and wanted us to come see him the next morning .  He said it was important to be gentle but not feed into her delusions. I sat her down and we talked. All she wanted to talk about is when i would get the nursery started and that we were on a time crunch, and how she has found a perfect color for the room, how she wants me to be more involved in her pregnancy . I tried to be very calm but i was very perturbed by seeing her that way. I asked her to go to the doctor with me tommorow. She said yes, that she wanted to check on the babies either ways. Now i took some advice and words you gave me about being calm and asking a bit why she think she is pregnant without calling her delusional . So I did. She kept changing subjects or saying that " A mother just feels it. You wouldn't know how it is " then i said that i loved her really much that i would never think of leaving her but we needed to go to the doctor to confirm her "gut feeling ". She got very agitated and was crying telling me that if I wanted to leave her i should simply leave but I shouldn't call her a liar.

&amp;#x200B;

Somehow i managed to calm her down enough for her to go to sleep.

After she did i went on her computer. I do **never** snoop on her. But i remembered a commenter pointing out forums about cryptic pregnancy and so i went for the look out . Oh boy. She was in 2 facebook groups. One was a normal Mommy facebook group and the other was a group about women that believed they were pregnant. In the "normal" group she would post updates about her symptoms and pictures of her "belly" and her story about how she was almost not able to have children but thats to the "grace of god that kissed her tummy" the "gift of life was given to her " and how she was compensated for all this years of suffering with twins. in the other group the women were quite literally, and exuse me here , fucking insane. They were feeding in each others delusions. A woman said that she was almost 2 years pregnant and how sometimes it just takes longer. My wife would post there complaining about doctors that do not take her seriously and about me. So many women were making her fear that i would leave. Saying things like men can not stick to a woman . Many recounted their stories about how their marriages broke down because their spouses could not "handle the pregnancy".

I was really fucking scared. I researched phantom pregnancies and i read somewhere that that could also be a sign of [schizophrenia](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3361851/). So to say the least i could not sleep. I was and am still very afraid of losing her. She woke up and I tried to act like nothing was wrong . We were going to the doctor. And it was as if nothing had happened yesterday. She was convinced that we were going to a pregnancy check up. Things got really bad when we began talking to the doctor. He was really tactful when talking to my wife. He tried to explain her that it was medically impossible that she was pregnant. We tried to show her tests, the ultrasound we did the day before but nothing. She got more agitated and began to cry and the scream at me for making her look like a crazy person . She began bouncing back and forth and holding her head with both hands . We could not calm her she went in on a full on panic attack . She could not breathe. The doctor laid her down and tried giving her some  medicine for her to relax but it did not help as he didn't have the necessary tools to treat a panic attack that was that bad . She had to go to the hospital where they took care of her. Did an EKG to exclude that she was suffering a heart attack.

At that point i really had no other option than to inquire about Involuntary commit. So I could not do it myself . I needed my doctors statement that she was a danger to herself and others and he had to initiate the process of an involuntary examination of 72 hours . After that we will have to submit a written statement to the court to determine wether on not she can stay there "against her will". So far i have submitted all her posts in both facebook groups aswell as the test we did with timestamps when possible . My wife is 2 days in the 3 days examination and i have no contact to her. When i last her she was furious with me. She said i was taking away her freedom which I am. i fell horrible, dirty and useless. She is so mad at me. I feel like I am abandoning her and don't know how she will ever forgive me this. I love her with all my heart. I am afraid of what will happend if the courts decide that i can't commit her, how our life will be affected . I feel like i failed to protect her. At this point I am just rambeling . Sorry for the long post i guess i just need to vent because i have no one else to really turn to that just wants to listen . I feel judged by everyone and pittied ... i just hate it . Sorry for spelling mistakes

**edit : I will not fuckin leave my wife you unempathetic dickheads! When I gave my vows I meant trough illness and bad times. I am not only on the ride for the good times. If you truly love somone you will do whatever it takes to see them healthy again. Would you leave your spouse if they went trough a severe physical illnes?? I am here to stay. I will not divorce her. She is not a "fucking psycho" she is sick. I hope no one of your loved ones ever has to go trough this because their support net will consist of cowardly dickheads.**

Sorry for the rant. But if you want to say something line divorce that nut don't even bother. I understand people that make the choice to leave if the situation when it Beginns to mess with their mental health  and I respect that but I won't do that.

Edit 2: my wife didn't have a heart attack. She was examined because panic attacks register with similar symptoms as heart attacks

I don't exactly know what our doctor gave her as I was so distraught. But I was not a sedative. I think it was something along the lines of Valium or Baldrian. Over the counter stuff mostly.

She has family. She is estranged from most of them. Her sister is now at our place to help.

Also refrain from such stupid comments like "I'll bet she will leave bro. She is cray how did you marry her" because they are not helpful at all. Specially the bets that are going on that my wife will leave me once she gets better. Just seems like you want me to divorce. Get a life.
