# My girlfriend [21F] of 18 months asked my [22M] preference about her pubic hair and now finds me "revolting"

**Sub:** r/relationship_advice  
**Author:** u/ThrowRA_1900222  
**Score:** 54,484  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/hf2uy8/my_girlfriend_21f_of_18_months_asked_my_22m/  

---

So yesterday my girlfriend casually asked me how I prefer pubic hair to be groomed. She usually keeps hers short, but neat. I assumed she was just looking to change things up and wanted my opinion so I answered honestly and said that I find completely shaven attractive, but in the grand scheme of things I couldn't care less, it's not a turn off if there's hair, and that I like the way she has it now. 

Well it turns out she had had a lecture today at college (she studies psychology) and the topic was on peadophiles. Apparently one of the talking points was that pedophiles are attracted to the lack of body hair. 

When she told me this, I asked her "are you seriously calling me a pedophile because I find completely shaven attractive?! Can I just point out that you're 21 and not 12?" She basically skirted around my questions and then stormed out of my apartment when I kept pressing her on it. As she left she called me revolting and is now ignoring my calls and text messages. 

What. The. Fuck.

Honestly not even sure where to go from here. We've never had any issues and was planning on proposing in the next year. Where has this even come from?! 

**TL;DR:** Girlfriend pretty much called me a pedo because I told her I liked shaved pussy when she asked me my preference.
