# "Don't let my wife see."

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/awkward_pwnguin  
**Score:** 17,741  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/69vzrb/dont_let_my_wife_see/  

---

First post (to TFR), let's see how this works.

I work in a small, locally owned toy shop in little college town, however we have a lot of down to earth people and families.

Couple comes in with three kids and immediately the kids go crazy, wanting to show their parents every single toy in the store. 

It's a small store but is broken into three distinct sections, rooms connected by walkways. We have a card rack next to the cash wrap that has all sorts of cards.

As the wife is being dragged by her kids around the store, the husband comes up to me and quietly goes "Don't let my wife see, we are big star wars fans" and slides me [this](http://imgur.com/a/rLtK7) card and cash to pay for it. I quietly make small talk with him about the weather and ring him up. I finish just in time as his wife and kids walk around and then grab their dad to go beg and ask for toys. 

I'm chatting with the mom and she sees a card on the card rack and says "This would be perfect for [husband] but don't let him see this," and slides me cash, finishes the transaction and winks. It's the exact same card. 

They finish their shopping, purchase a few toys for their three kids and walk out, both chuckling to themselves about how clever they are. 


edit: aw geez guys, this is the best post I've ever had on Reddit, ever. It made me so happy to share this with y'all. Have a bomb ass day!

Edit 2: changed to "first post in TFR" because I'm a little goon who ended up confusing some people. Thanks for putting a smile on my face, guys, Reddit has never made me so happy to share a story :) and HOLY MOLY! My first ever gilded post too! Guys you're all too nice! I hope your kids make you breakfast in bed once a week!

---

## Top Comments

**u/ElysiaCrispata** (4,110 points)

This is the sweetest thing. I hope I have a marriage like this some day.

**u/MidgetChemist** (1,892 points)

This is the cutest thing I've read all day.

**u/awkward_pwnguin** (1,801 points)

As do I, based on Star Wars, bad puns, and true romance.

**u/lukestauntaun** (677 points)

"Chew" Romance...

**u/rockinchucks** (649 points)

A couple years ago, my wife and I unknowingly got each other the same "I love you like a back alley hooker loves crack" valentines cards.
[Here's a picture.](http://i.imgur.com/YKwvOzo.jpg)

**u/awkward_pwnguin** (626 points)

I am glad to have helped out. It was too cute not to share.

**u/JohnBrahBlahh** (582 points)

This belongs in r/wholesomememes

This truly is realtionship goals.

**u/mr_trick** (466 points)

I'm getting so happy imagining them giving the cards to each other and opening them at the same time. This is way too cute.

**u/caseyls** (247 points)

This happened with my parents about 10 years ago. While on a vacation, my mom bought my dad a hammock to hang outside at our house as a Christmas present. Fast forward a month later, and my dad takes me outside to his little hiding place in the garage to show me what he bought my mom for Christmas: it was a hammock as well! 

10 year old me didn't know what to do or how to feign excitedness and my dad got a little mad that I wasn't reacting well to the gift he got for my mom. I broke down into tears right then and there and told him my mom had gotten him a hammock for Christmas as well 😂

**u/Xeno_Prism_Power** (225 points)

It sounds like they were perfectly made for each other. I hope they enjoy their cards!

**u/SgtSlaughterEX** (223 points)

It's adorable then.

**u/awkward_pwnguin** (199 points)

Freaking goals, I'm getting my fiancé that for our 5 year anniversary. :) thank you for the idea.

**u/Trey5169** (161 points)

&gt;It was chew cute not to share

**u/GarrisonHalibut** (150 points)

Sadly, the wife cut off her hair and sold it to pay for the card, and the husband pawned his heirloom watch.

**u/Lord_Blathoxi** (145 points)

/r/wholesometales

**u/deesmutts88** (136 points)

*"Chewit"*

**u/hangoverDOTTED** (136 points)

My wife doesn't know my reddit username but we frequent some of the same subreddits. She'll sometimes tell me jokes that I've posted.

**u/awkward_pwnguin** (116 points)

Haha that's a little sad but mostly adorable.

**u/awkward_pwnguin** (96 points)

Sometimes life turns out ok.

**u/Walht** (78 points)

You made it sound so much more worse in the title, ha.

**u/Retailkitty** (66 points)

Aw, what a happy TRF story.  Makes my day

**u/Lotharu** (62 points)

"Good, good! Eat it. Eat it now."
"I shouldn't..."
"Chew it."

**u/DuelistDeCoolest** (62 points)

Same. I really oughta get back into the dating game. I'm certainly not meeting anyone at my gas station job.

**u/delithug** (61 points)

Tales retail from

**u/girliegirl80** (61 points)

I honestly thought this was going to end with the wife making a random comment about how stupid Star Wars was and make it obvious that the card was indeed not for her.
