# The day I pretended to be someone's dad

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/whitethundar  
**Score:** 13,151  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/6ck82p/the_day_i_pretended_to_be_someones_dad/  

---

The owner is a family friend and asked me if I could cover because they were short on staff. So, I think this counts on TFR. This takes place in a small ~~convenient~~ convenience store. 

There wasn't much to do so I decided to walk around maybe reorganized misplaced items when suddenly a kid (maybe 3-4 years old) holds my hand. I kind of look around to see if someone lost their kid and then I see a young lady gave me a "go on" gesture. I'm a bit confused as what she wants me to do but whatever I was bored and this kid looked cooler than my friends. So I asked if he liked candy and asked which one he liked. He didn't say anything and just pointed to some gummy worms.

&gt;Me: That's cool. Me too! I like the sour ones because I can make this face. *sour face* 

This made the kid laugh

&gt;Boy: I love you daddy *hugs me*

TBH I freaked out a bit and thought this kid couldn't possibly be mine as I looked over to the young lady she started tearing up.

&gt;Me: I love you too, son

The boy ran back to the lady

The lady walks up to me and hugs me

&gt;Lady: I'm so sorry for that, my husband just passed away 2 days ago. This is the first time I saw him talk since that day.

&gt;Me: I'm sorry for your loss

&gt;Lady: Thank you

They proceeded to leave. The boy is waving his gummy worms at me and I do the sour face and he does the same.


Edit: Wow, didn't expect this to go as big as it did. Thanks for the gold strangers and thank you people for the kind words.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Xeno_Prism_Power** (3,669 points)

This is much cuter than what I was expecting! Good on you for helping that mom and son out in their hard times!

**u/Lokimonoxide** (1,121 points)

This is much sadder than I was expecting.

**u/-Dirty-Shisno-** (824 points)

Time to do some big brother volunteer work! (even if you don't good on you)

**u/Dutchdodo** (654 points)

Who's cutting gummy worms in here?

**u/Xeno_Prism_Power** (439 points)

It was sad, but also reassuring that OP was willing to do that act of kindness for a child he didn't know at all. It's a nice change to this subreddit that renews my faith in humanity.

**u/no1dead** (409 points)

Yeah really thankful OP did the right thing in that situation and played along instead of doing what I'd fear most others would do as they'd probably try to push the kid off.

**u/DialysisDude** (322 points)

Now I need gummy worms

**u/shadowshea** (314 points)

That's so adorable!!! My mom is a geriatric nurse and I go hang out at the nursing home she works at since I've been unemployed. I have spent entire days pretending to be the grand daughter of like 3 little old ladies. 😊It makes them feel better having a visitor and is fun for me, too.

**u/Syreus** (244 points)

Being a "[Big Brother](http://www.bbbs.org/)" was some of the most rewarding experiences in my life. Anyone reading this thinking of doing it listen to me. Stop thinking about it and do it tomorrow. Sign up. You will not regret it.

**u/Xeno_Prism_Power** (189 points)

I was wondering if maybe the mom and son didn't have any family nearby, and no uncle or grandfather to sort of step in to give the kid the security of having a mother figure and father figure to reassure him, and I'm glad OP did this one little thing to let the kid know someone would be there for him.

**u/Nice_Guy_AMA** (180 points)

/r/wholesometextposts

**u/pepperman7** (166 points)

Strong onion flavor?

**u/no1dead** (133 points)

Down the line and even just days after this probably made a huge fucking difference for the child.

**u/LilRach05** (125 points)

And tissues (for the tears of happiness)

**u/MustNeedDogs** (109 points)

I was just thinking the same thing. The kid is young, but I bet even years down the line he'll still remember the nice guy who helped him pick out gummy worms after his daddy died.

**u/BigAggie06** (101 points)

Excuse me, I'm going to go watch my son sleep a little bit

**u/Axin13** (100 points)

Clean up on aisle *feel*.

**u/Lokimonoxide** (100 points)

Yeah, true. Humanity can be great a lot of the time.

**u/djzenmastak** (100 points)

BIER!

**u/RedBombX** (81 points)

You're a very lovely person.

**u/DanskJeavlar** (74 points)

What even is available in Germany?

**u/Ahayzo** (68 points)

No these tears are totally because they're sour. Definitely.

**u/Johnblood27** (66 points)

Also, it's not USA-exclusive, use google to find out if it's in your country!

**u/TombSv** (65 points)

At first I read that as "very lonely person"

**u/banzaan** (58 points)

HHHHH this is the sweetest thing I've ever read.
