# If you're rude and refuse to pay, we have the right to refuse services, even after they're done

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/itstheleviathan  
**Score:** 12,860  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/5bgw1l/if_youre_rude_and_refuse_to_pay_we_have_the_right/  

---

So I was in the shop one day, a customer was in getting some keys copied, nice and simple job. Suddenly while I've got the machine running, some shirtless guy comes in looking really frantic. I tell him I'll be just a minute longer, then I finish the keys, and send the first customer on his way.

&gt; Frantic dude: "jeez, took you long enough, I need you to come unlock my car"

I'm already a little annoyed since its almost closing time, but I just figure he's got a kid/dog/groceries in the car and give him the benefit of the doubt. 

&gt; Me: "No problem, where is it?"
&gt; FD: "A couple miles that way, my girlfriend drove me over here. You can follow us to it."

I get some info from him, the kind of car it is, his name/number/address in case we get separated, etc. 

&gt; FD: "My phone's in the car so if you call it I won't answer"
&gt; Me: "Then how about your girlfriend's number?"
&gt; FD: "Hers is in there too"

Well ok then

Since it's pretty much closing time, I just go ahead and set the alarm and lock the doors as I leave, he doesn't like this and starts saying how I'm taking forever. Yeah yeah, take a chill pill, 5 extra seconds won't kill you.

I get in my truck and follow him out there, when we get there I grab my tools and head to the car. Surprisingly, there's nothing in there except for the keys on the seat. No kids or dogs, so now I'm just hoping it's actually their car. 

&gt; FD: "You'd better not mess up my doors, this is a classic"

Yeah, a classic Ford POS

I open it up in about 10 seconds and check the insurance card, and yup it's their car. I pick up the keys and go over to him, tell him it's $40, and he just looks at me dumbfounded.

&gt; FD: "Wait you mean I have to pay for this?"

Ummm, yeah?

&gt; Me: "Yes sir, we charge a service call when we have to go out to the location."
&gt; FD: "Well I'm not paying for that, you did it in 10 seconds, I could've done that myself if I'd have known"
&gt; Me: "Well I'm sorry, but I can't do this for free."

I could've, but there was no real urgency like a life endangered, plus he was rude about the whole thing. We normally would just bill someone in the situation, but we've been burned too many times, so we'll only do that for companies.

&gt; FD: "I'm not paying for that, I don't have any money"
&gt; Me: "Then if you think you can do it yourself, go for it."

I throw his keys in the car, lock the doors, shut it behind me, and leave. 
I get home about ten minutes later, then after probably an hour he calls back.

&gt; FD: "I can't get it open, come back and open my car again"
&gt; Me: "I can go out again, but I'll have to charge you for two service calls."
&gt; FD: "F- you A-hole, I'm not paying you 80 bucks"
&gt; Me: "Then you can call out *other locksmith nearby*, I'm sure he'll be happy to help y-" *click*

I didn't tell him, but they charge $100 to unlock cars. 

Never heard back from him

---

## Top Comments

**u/ForeverAdorable** (4,626 points)

I would have been disappointed if you **hadn't** locked his keys in his car after he refused to pay.

Good on you for standing your ground.

**u/SirLenzalot** (3,282 points)

&gt; I didn't tell him, but they charge $100 to unlock cars

I was about to say, $40 sounds too generous to unlock a car

**u/nickfaw** (966 points)

Most public servants will not do this anymore, and are generally instructed not to. People would ask cops to help them open their car, and then bill the city for scratches or dents.

**u/literal-hitler** (792 points)

I was hoping for: "I'll have to charge you for two service calls, and an extra out of hours charge."

**u/Call_Me_Feefer** (686 points)

It took ten seconds because you know what you're doing and he doesn't, that's also why you have to pay for services, skilled vs unskilled.

**u/kingrex1997** (677 points)

If you call your city's non emergency number they can usually send a community officer to jimmy the car open for free.

**u/kaneblaise** (630 points)

My city cops don't unlock it, but they do give you the number of a locksmith who gives discounts if you mention they sent you to him.

**u/shawarma_llama** (564 points)

I got mine done for $40 once, cash. However, as a stupid teenager, I had gotten him out there by calling my insurance company, because my mom's insurance covered roadside assistance. 

Yeah, that guy got paid twice. He just popped the door open, said, "That'll be $40," and left. I'm sure if I mentioned the insurance company paying him already, he would have just played dumb, like, "Oh, right, I forgot." I didn't even think about it until the next year when I did the same thing, tried to pay the (different) locksmith, and he kindly turned down my money.

**u/itstheleviathan** (563 points)

I would've, but we advertise 24/7 service, so we don't charge any extra for night or weekend calls

**u/1-05457** (472 points)

Also, it was 10 seconds *plus the time it took to drive there and back*.

**u/yolo-yoshi** (435 points)

Seriously, FUCK people like that! I too would've been upset if he didn't do that.

**u/Kezika** (289 points)

I worked for AAA recently. That was their policy for lockouts where they can't prove it is their car or if it was a cash call (member already used all 4 of their annual service calls service can be sent out but must be paid for) and they refused to pay. Service provider will lock it back up.

**u/itstheleviathan** (286 points)

Some insurance companies pay us directly, some reimburse the customer, but the latter is pretty rare. If you have roadside assistance on your insurance then they should cover it, and usually they call us themselves.

**u/Auricom93** (278 points)

Seems like the guy needed a dose of reality. Nothing in life is free, pal.

**u/Evilution602** (237 points)

I say, it's a few grand in tools, a few grand in training plus a few years experience to know what tool to put where for a 10 second job.  I also could have sent the new guy who takes 30 to 40 minutes to do anything.

**u/ohmyfsm** (210 points)

Computer guys get the same kind of grief.  "But you only pushed one button!  I could've done that!"  Look, you're not paying me to push a button or tighten a cable, you're paying me for knowing which button to push or what cable to tighten.  Plus you're paying for the time/gas it took me to drive to your location because you refused to let me troubleshoot it over the phone!  Some people.

**u/itstheleviathan** (203 points)

For unlocking cars, the complete set(with probably 40 tools that I only ever use 3 of depending on the car) costs 200 bucks. The rest of it's just experience and a license to do it.

**u/GitRightStik** (203 points)

When department stores are closed, all charges are 50% more.  That's how I do my service calls.

**u/coatrack68** (202 points)

I don't know, $40 doesn't really seem like a lot to fix a fuck up, like locking my keys in my car...

**u/Today-I-Reddit_** (160 points)

LOL this is great!

**u/foospork** (150 points)

Those days are gone, I guess.  

In 1979, at the age of 17, I locked my keys in my El Camino, right in front of the public library in Fairfax, VA.  A cop caught me trying to jimmy the lock, checked my license and registration, matched me to the car, then grabbed his tools and popped the lock in a matter of seconds.

Very quick, very professional, very cordial, and very, very much appreciated.

**u/RubberReptile** (149 points)

Fantastic. This had the happy ending I hoped it would. You should cross-post it in /r/MaliciousCompliance.

**u/itstheleviathan** (131 points)

We really only charge for the drive time, the actual unlocking is done in under a minute 95% of the time
