# Diet Coke Ladies

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/Martinwuff  
**Score:** 11,542  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/6a7u77/diet_coke_ladies/  

---

Worked at a fast food chain when I was in high school. Many stories to be had about the work, but the only one really worth mentioning is a happy one. 

One of our recurring customers was "the diet coke ladies". Every afternoon, they would come through the drive thru and order 2 medium diet cokes. It was two older ladies, with their dogs in the back of their little Rav 4. Always nice, always wanting only 2 medium diet cokes. Occasionally, if things were super slow, we'd have a little chat as they paid (only a minute or two), and they would drive up to the second window for their drinks. Everyone in the store knew them, and you just had to shout "diet coke ladies are here!" and the person up front would get the drinks ready. 

As I was getting ready to go to college in a couple weeks, I happened to mention it to them. They were glad for me, and wished me well. 

Two days later, they came through the drive-thru per usual, but when they paid, they also handed me a little box, wrapped with a little silk ribbon. Inside was a silver pen, and engraved on the side was "2 Medium Diet Cokes". 

They told me they wanted me to pass my first test with it.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Martinwuff** (3,252 points)

I kept it for many years, and I passed my first test (and many others) with it! Unfortunately, over the next 20 years, it got lost in one of my many moves.

**u/Lessa22** (2,586 points)

Please tell me you still have that pen?

**u/Martinwuff** (1,287 points)

I think that one will always stay with me. A very simple little act, but it made such an impression on me.

**u/Kehndy12** (1,250 points)

I didn't realize this is an old story! It's cool you remember it. :)

**u/themeatbridge** (458 points)

The memory is what's important. The pen is just a symbol. Don't mourn the loss, it served its purpose.

**u/locakitty** (356 points)

awwwww! I love it! 
I always think of this elderly couple I served all summer when I worked at a 24 hour breakfast joint. My last shift serving them, they put a $10 bill in my hand and said, "Good luck at school!" I was going into my last year of college. 

I'm glad you passed your first test with it!!

**u/mr_droopy_butthole** (185 points)

Somebody somewhere is holding a nice expensive pen that has *2 medium diet cokes* engraved on the side and is just confused. 

Probably a doctors favorite pen.

**u/johnny5canuck** (136 points)

My favourite family mementos are not the valuable ones (not that I have many), but the old grimy ones.

**u/Faptain_Calcon_** (112 points)

I would, but being a kind old lady is hard when you're a 21 yr old male 😐

**u/45321200** (103 points)

Isn't what makes a memento valuable the memory it conjures?

**u/Martinwuff** (103 points)

Ha! That would be funny. It would be nice to think the pen is still working for someone. :)

**u/iamreeterskeeter** (83 points)

Awwww, that is amazing.  I love those rare, truly wonderful customers.

**u/Martinwuff** (76 points)

Indeed.

**u/RevengeMan104** (75 points)

At first glance, I thought this was going to be a story about a group of ladies wanting diet coke when you had none or something like that. I don't personally work in fast food(or any other job), but it's nice to see things like this.

**u/aevon** (69 points)

That's the problem with today's youth. Not willing to put the work in. Ugh.

**u/Drawtaru** (68 points)

I have a similar fast food story. Mine is about an elderly couple who would come in every day and buy two apple pies and two senior coffees. When I saw them coming, I would rush to get their order on a tray and then run to get the door for them. After several months they stopped coming. I think it might have been close to a year, but after some time, the husband came into the store by himself and told me his wife had passed away. I gave him a hug with his apple pie and coffee.

**u/Martinwuff** (67 points)

They really were. We were all a bunch of teenagers, but whenever they came through, a few of us would gather at the window to say hello and share a quick word and how do you do. They were always just nice, pleasant, and could easily brighten your day if you were having a bad one. Just a couple of good souls.

**u/iDeeDee** (61 points)

I'm from Hong Kong. I have experienced a mix of Chinese and western cultures all these years, but it surprises me quite a bit that it would be OK to give cash as gifts to complete strangers. 

And westerners find us weird to give a new couple cash at their wedding banquet.

TIL;)

**u/SailorVulcan** (60 points)

I expected this to be about some really obnoxious customers, like a whole gaggle of them demanding Diet Coke, and was pleasantly surprised. Thanks for sharing, OP.

**u/cornn** (58 points)

This is the kind of old lady I hope to be someday.

**u/kermit_jagger** (53 points)

Coke and mementos.

**u/Recondog762** (46 points)

Man I don't why but this story hit me right in the feels.  Such sweet customers.

**u/rainbowbrighteyes** (41 points)

For some people who can't go out much, having something like this is yes, more expensive, but a way to get out of your house each day. 

Source: am stuck at home 95% of the time due to a disability and have left my house to just drive with a friend to get a soda and come back. 

Additionally, fountain drinks are far superior to cans/bottles in the fridge or on ice.

**u/Martinwuff** (40 points)

Start now! :)

**u/darkshines11** (37 points)

Not all Westerners, it's very common in Greek culture to give money at weddings. There's a big dance where guests pin money to the couple. 

I didn't know other cultures gave money too so that's cool.
