# They were going to charge £400?

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/Salad___Fingers  
**Score:** 11,231  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/6byp0a/they_were_going_to_charge_400/  

---

Sorry for formatting on mobile.
So me will be me 
Customer will be Cust

I work in retail in a uk electronics retailer and this tale takes place today and yesterday. 

So a customer comes up to me looking for a new laptop, I show him around a few of the laptops and he states he needs something portable but powerful, of course these two things usually mean a 13 inch laptop with an i5 or i7. 

Me: so what do you need it for? 

Cust: "well the laptop has to be powerful but I need it to be lightweight as I'm an international student."

Me: "right okay well here's a few laptops we have that fit this description" 

Note about these laptops they're usually around £600-£1000 depending on brand and specifications 

Now I notice the customer is carrying a laptop in a carrier bag and ask him about that one, just being a bit nosey but also making conversation as I show him around the laptops.

Me: "So what's wrong with that laptop"

Cust: "oh the battery has blown up and doesn't power on anymore" 

Me: "right okay, can I have a look?" So he takes it out of the bag and I notice it's a MacBook Air, being the stores Apple person I ask if I can have a look.

Now I notice that it has another computer shops sticker on the top of it so I ask about that.

Me: "I see you've taken it to the other computer store (part of an apple style chain with a shop literally down the road that people mistake for an actual Apple Store) down the road, what did they say is wrong with it"

Cust: "they didn't open it up but they said it would be £400 for the problem I told them I thought it was" 

Me: (internally) "they've quoted this and haven't even had a look at it. No surprises there" 

So I took the mac from the customer and walked him down to the apple counter of our small store, I plug it into our mac charger and notice it's lighting up green but not switching to amber which it would do. So just out of habit I perform an SMC reset (basically a hard reset to tell the mac to get it together)  on the MacBook and it turns on. 

Cust: " oh my gosh you've got it working" 

Me: "yeah I just want to run some diagnostics to make sure this isn't a fluke" 

I got the customer to change the language from his native to English and got to diagnostics. The tests came back fine and the battery reported fine.

Me: "it's in good working order with no problems it just needed this reset and now it's fine however your charger is toast so you'll need an new one of those" 

Cust: "that's amazing thank you so much, my dissertation was on there and I would have to start it again"

Now I've just completed my dissertation so completely understand the situation and the stresses of university life. 

Cust: "how much will it be for the fix?" 

Me: "nothing, it was a fast 2 minute fix no need to worry" 

To this the customer becomes all thankful and happy and tells me he wants to pay for dinner and I insist it's okay and just part of my job. So he's on his way with his mac in working order and a warning not to use the charger and use an extra form of storage to backup his work.

Today he came back in to purchase the new charger and was looking specifically for me in the store. He had gone out and bought me a cake and macarons from a high end cake shop. At first I said I couldn't accept (was thinking of work and the cake obviously costing a lot of money)  but after much insistence I did accept and the customer left happy and I left work later in the evening with a cake in town and a smile on my face.

Not all customers are difficult and it left me with so much joy at the end of the work day.

---

## Top Comments

**u/voxelvortex** (3,593 points)

I guess you could say that the fix was a piece of cake.

I'll see myself out...

Edit: Thanks to the person who anonymously gave me gold :3

**u/nomorebears** (2,815 points)

Dude you saved his dissertation, I would have bought you cake too

It may have been simple to you, but it wasn't probably a lifeline to that customer. Good work, enjoy the cake

**u/MaraSargon** (715 points)

&gt; I'll see myself out...

Get back here and take your goddamn upvote.

**u/Euphanistic** (604 points)

If I had lost my dissertation past the halfway point I think I would have just broken. Like, just full on mental break.

This was worth way more than a cake to that person.

**u/TA010122** (321 points)

Everyone has trouble with laptops and know how hard it can be when you need to spend a major chunk of your savings/hard earned money to get a new one! The fix might have been really simple but for him, you were a savior. Enjoy the cake ;)

**u/Born_Ruff** (320 points)

I mean, if you got halfway through your dissertation without backing it up somewhere maybe you shouldn't be graduating. That just seems like natural selection to me.

**u/TallDarkAndBrittish** (173 points)

One drive, Google drive, drop box, icloud, phone, SD card, dslr's SD card, hard drives, Nokia 8310, PlayStation 2 memory card, printed, carved into stone... Should do it

**u/Euphanistic** (166 points)

I did mine on dropbox, but if for whatever reason I had lost it? Oh god.

**u/lindbladlad** (129 points)

I was fully expecting you to get screwed over somehow - very pleased with the ending. Good job!

**u/Darkneuro** (119 points)

That's _grateful._  Cake &amp; cookies? That's nothing. You just saved him purchasing a new computer.

You do good work :)

**u/Porso7** (111 points)

Is there a story behind your flair?

**u/Shellbeez** (104 points)

Bugger off.

**u/Festeroo4Life** (89 points)

I was expecting him to end up using the bad charger and coming back to complain. This was such a great twist though! Haha

**u/aquainst1** (76 points)

Bah-Dum-Tssss!

**u/aido727** (74 points)

A good start but for something of that importance I'd be manually copying it to an external harddrive or 3 as well :P

**u/e2fsck** (68 points)

https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201295

Learnt something new this day, thanks a bunch

**u/Amazon_Princess** (67 points)

Yeah, I was also wondering.

**u/BlueberrySpaceMuffin** (66 points)

You fool! You fell victim to one of the classic blunders - the most famous of which is "never get involved in a land war in Asia" - but only slightly less well-known is this: "Never go in against a Sicilian when upvotes are on the line"! Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha...

**u/hungrydruid** (65 points)

Apparently computers get hangovers too? XD Glad it's working for you!!

**u/erikw** (61 points)

Last Friday I managed to spill a glass of white wine over my MBA keyboard. It died (or so it appeared) right in front of me, just went black and unresponsive. This was pretty sad, because while I have had many work laptops in the past, and we have had many computers in the family this was my first computer that was only mine.

I did all the stuff you are supposed to do - tried to clean up the spill, turned the Mac upside down and let it dry out. Tried the power button on Saturday - no response. Tried to turn it on Sunday. Still black. Braced myself for a $500 keyboard/motherboard repair. Tried one last time on Monday and it started! I was so happy, all the keys worked perfectly, everything works great.

Edit: Thanks for all the advice. I've done a TC backup, and will do a full image backup tomorrow when I have access to a USB disk.

**u/the_prepster** (59 points)

How many boyfriends do you have? Depending on how many, that could be either really overboard or reasonable. /s

**u/Silveress_Golden** (54 points)

For a moment I thought I was on /r/talesfromtechsupport (post it there, they will love you).

Fantastic tale, there is nothing better than walking through town with cake in your hand, I am glad it workled out well in teh end.

**u/aido727** (52 points)

Would have thought the Nokia alone would be enough haha

Printed isn't actually that bad of an idea as long as you can afford it...

**u/Ouma_Shu** (52 points)

And rewriting his dissertation. Amazing customer service from op :). Wish this could be practiced more in all business.

**u/TallDarkAndBrittish** (42 points)

Well if there's an earthquake that drops a whole city block on to it then it would still survive but you will need to find it
