# Glory to Arstotzka!

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/Tombstone_DK  
**Score:** 10,951  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/5uleps/glory_to_arstotzka/  

---

A lady came into my work to sell something using her passport as ID. Something didn't look right. I stared at it a bit before noticing that the expiration date was in a slightly different font than the other dates on the passport. I held it up to the light and saw a rectangular outline around the date. I ran my thumbnail over it, and the edges of a sticker came up off the passport. Underneath the sticker the date had been scratched out. I pulled the sticker the rest of the way off before handing her passport back and explaining that we couldn't accept altered/damaged/expired ID.  
  
I guess all that time playing "Papers, Please" finally paid off.  
  
EDIT: Thanks for the gold!

---

## Top Comments

**u/hipufiamiumi** (4,404 points)

Excellent work, inspector.
You have served Arstotzka well.
Glory to Arstotzka.

**u/tr1lobyte** (1,300 points)

The only thing more satisfying would be having one of those giant red stamps for it. ENTRY DENIED!

**u/kboy101222** (1,251 points)

Passport not required for Arstotzka! Arstotzka best country!

**u/nicesmartguy** (1,207 points)

And now to decide if we're going to be cold or hungry this week...

**u/meech7607** (789 points)

I work at a bank now. It feels like Papers Please all the time. I found a phoney check the other day. Unfortunately they haven't given me the key to the gun cabinet yet.

**u/LuluRex** (549 points)

Oh, Jorji.

**u/Generalno1** (492 points)

Should have detained her. Would have made some extra cash.

**u/overlord1305** (479 points)

#NEXT

**u/_demetri_** (449 points)

When I'm full, I'm warmer.

**u/Arkiasis** (393 points)

Good work Comrade. Your family will be upgraded to a class 7 dwelling.

**u/RegulusMagnus** (387 points)

*slips note*

&gt; Someone will stop by tomorrow to remedy this situation. Look for the man with the red scarf and tan hat. Await further instruction.

**u/Three_Eyed_Gaben** (362 points)

Is not about time, or money, friend. Is about glory for Arstotzka.

**u/Polskan** (326 points)

#*ERR ERR AH, AH AH EE*

**u/nic2849** (306 points)

You no like passport I understand, 

I come back with better one 

~Jorji Costava

**u/AdrianBrony** (306 points)

Cobrastan is not a real country.

**u/Aeulmann** (270 points)

Then a terrorist attack cuts your day short and you don't receive government compensation and your son starves to death.

**u/hotbuilder** (250 points)

[Congratulations. Glory to Arstotzka](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/papersplease/images/b/b9/Recognition1.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20130809183113)

**u/Ihavenootheroptions** (227 points)

Okay, hungry it is

**u/1000Colours** (202 points)

***BOOM***

**u/sparksbet** (185 points)

Near the beginning, it's denial all the way, but later in the game (especially once you start to need to mark your reason for denial) it becomes more similar time-wise. Especially because your pricing is off - you get paid 5 credits per entrant processed normally, and you get 5 extra for every two entrants detained. Detaining someone is only not worth the money if you could have made it through another entrant in the amount of extra time it takes to detain two people, which is more and more difficult the further into the game you get. 

Also sometimes it's just the principle of the thing. Like, I'm sure as fuck detaining anyone who's trying to bring in a bomb. Fuckin Kolechians.

The best money-making strategy in Papers Please, imo, is to earn as much as you can on the first day, when you only have to worry about passport nationality, to give yourself a nice buffer throughout the rest of the game.

**u/newhoxton** (175 points)

http://store.steampowered.com/app/239030/

**u/LeonimuZ** (173 points)

I lost it when he actually came with a good passport. I was like "Finally!"

**u/dobrowolsk** (171 points)

That's dangerous. The neighbors might report the sudden wealth. Glory to Arstotzka!

**u/wakinupdrunk** (170 points)

I was a teller a year ago and we had this training that was basically a shittier version of Papers Please. You'd have to find things like the incorrect check date, a mismatched signature, expired identification, etc. and in the very rare cases there would be nothing wrong. 

It was something fun to do on a job with a shit internet policy in the middle of bumfuck nowhere.

**u/Sportsfanno1** (151 points)

Cause no trouble
