# A collectible 50p.

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/Willy_McBilly  
**Score:** 10,095  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/77dqim/a_collectible_50p/  

---

On mobile, so apologies. Before I start, we need some backstory. Here in England we have 50p coins, and some of them are decorated to celebrate someone, an event, or landmark. These can be quite collectible. Last year a series of 5 coins was released to celebrate the author Beatrix Potter, and certainly the older generations liked to keep them. By far the most sought after coin featured a character called Peter Rabbit, and it wasn't uncommon for people to ask me to try and find one in my till for them.

Fast forward to today. The coins are rarer than they used to be, but they are also sought after by less people. A lady comes up to my till, buys a few things with a total of £3.50, and pays with exact change, one of the coins being a 50p. Naturally I glance at it and remarked it was one of the Beatrix 50p's. 

W-Woman
M-Me

M- "That's one of those Potter 50p's, haven't seen one in a while."

W- "Oh sorry can I take that back? I've got 4 of them and I want to give all 5 to my granddaughter."

So I give it back to her, and she can only give me a £1 coin. She now needs 50p change.

W- "Sorry about that love, I've been trying to track down these coins for months and I just got this one (Beatrix Potter Seal) from across the road there!" 

M- "Oh really? Which ones have you got so far then?" 

W- "I've got the duck, squirrel, the hedgehog and the seal." 

At this point I notice the queue is growing, so I start fumbling around for a 50p to give her as change. By chance I looked down and happened to notice the Peter Rabbit 50p was half buried in my till. The last coin she needed. I quickly fished it out, turned it face up so the lady didn't see the design and gave her the receipt. 

M- "Well good luck finding that last one madam, hopefully it turns up soon!" 

W- "Thank you love, have a good shift".

She walks away, but doesn't get far before looking at her change to put it in her purse. She turns around and looks at me, now serving another customer. She walks past my till and silently mouths "thank you!".

I nodded my head and smiled. Rarely have I seen anyone leave our store looking as overjoyed as she was, definitely the highlight of my day.

Edit: typo

Edit 2: This got waaaaay more attention than I expected, thanks everyone! First Reddit gold too, thank you!

---

## Top Comments

**u/lolarent** (1,412 points)

I have to say, I'm loving all these heart-warming stories coming up on  this sub! ❤️

**u/rychefiji1** (984 points)

I hope karma rewards you.

**u/Ryix_UO** (470 points)

Sigh, I collect these "rare" 50p coins in a little box under my bed. 
One day 
gf "oh here" *hands me about £7" 
Me : what's this for?
Gf : oh I borrowed some money from you
... You can finish that story for yourself....
She then goes to a shop a couple days later, hands over the last of the 50ps (a Peter rabbit) to a shop keeper, similar situation to this.
Realises she hadn't spent them all when cashier mentions it
She asks for it back, cashier says no, pockets it.

*Sigh*

I have a warning on the box now, slowly rebuilding my Olympic set and still looking to replace my Kew gardens, (somewhat rarest of them all) ... Still together

**u/Babyrabievaccine** (250 points)

Who borrows money from someone that they kept in a box under their bed? Without asking, even?

**u/Chewy12** (241 points)

Got 554 so far

**u/Babyrabievaccine** (231 points)

As a no-nonsense, not-at-all-sentimental-about-things person I understand that, but no one keeps money, change no less, in a box under their bed unless they're saving it for something. I mean, you know your girlfriend best, but that's a universal jerk move.

**u/Willy_McBilly** (213 points)

I'm glad my box of rare coins has a combo lock, I'd cry if I lost all of mine

**u/mantolwen** (171 points)

I love the unique 50ps. I have a money box I keep them in and eventually I will open it up and see what's inside. They sell for a good amount on eBay too.

**u/Ryix_UO** (133 points)

She's very no nonsense, wouldn't consider that money was for anything other than spending. It was an honest mistake, it wasn't exactly a mahogany display case, just a small cardboard box

**u/jamiegandolf** (120 points)

I was expecting her to throw a fit that she didn’t have enough except that collectible one and demand he let her come back and give him the change at a later time.

**u/MagnusRune** (82 points)

there's a few misprinted ones that are worth more. ie olympic swimmers one, a misprint has the waves over the head, not behind

**u/Techdoggo** (80 points)

As someone who used to collect coins... thank you Op! That was such a small gesture that had such a big impact. &lt;3

**u/Ryix_UO** (77 points)

Hah judging by how guilty she felt I'm pretty sure it wasn't intentional

**u/Deliwoot** (73 points)

738

**u/zdakat** (67 points)

As soon as I read it was something people wanted, I thought the customer was going to be angry and demand to have one, or something haha

**u/peanutbudder** (58 points)

One thing I've learned from Reddit is that people are really quick to find something wrong with women in someone's relationship. They seem to think it's a constant battle to fight off gold diggers and/or "bitches." It's fucked up.

**u/Devilishmikel23** (53 points)

You're overthinking this. The reaction would be the same had it been a guy.

**u/El-Viking** (44 points)

My buddy had a similar story. Here in the states our quarters and dimes were made of (mostly) silver up until 1965, enough silver that the silver is worth more than face value. He had a jar full of him that his grandfather had started collecting and he had added to the collection whenever he came across one. His cousin was staying with him and stole the jar, cashed it in at a grocery store and used it to buy some pot. Needless to say, the cousin got a few lumps and got kicked out over that.  For reference sake, I've been searching for pre 65 coins for over 10 years and I have 2 quarters and 5 dimes.

**u/AtomicMayonez** (41 points)

756

**u/MyDudeNak** (40 points)

It's not unique to women, Reddit hates relationships in general.

**u/coolcoenred** (40 points)

800!

**u/mantolwen** (36 points)

Kew gardens 50p is worth a ton as well.

**u/Slikdik** (32 points)

My favorite part about r/TalesFromRetail is that not every story is a terrible experience, but a lot of nice and heartwarming ones like this.

**u/Willy_McBilly** (31 points)

Don't forget that offside rule 50p
