# Rude lady thinks she can eat for free and leave. Now banned from our store!

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/thealmightysab  
**Score:** 9,849  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/7dv48h/rude_lady_thinks_she_can_eat_for_free_and_leave/  

---

Hey there! Back with another weird story. I’m on mobile so formatting blah. Also, kinda long story, but worth it.

Backstory: There’s a lady who will come into our store, usually around noon with four (annoying and loud) misbehaving children. Of course, she’s completely oblivious to all of this. Yay. She would pack all of them into the cart, pick out some sort of produce (apples, bananas, oranges, etc) and give it to them to “hold” and the kids would eat all of it. Then she would come up to the register and give me the whole, “Oops, sorry. I didn’t even see that they did that!” 
I would call my manager and basically ask “Wtf am I supposed to weigh?” and usually they would either get the same amount of whatever produce and she would complain that she’d “not gotten that much!” or “mine were WAY smaller!” So my manager would just wave it off and let it go. 

Today, she didn’t get away with it because my manager and I were in a bad mood. 

I was QUIETLY working at my register when I heard the parade of obnoxious children run into the store with the lady on her phone completely ignoring them. Shocker! She piled all of them into the cart and headed straight for the produce. I continued working at my register and lost track of her until she came up to my register. She huffed and puffed at the little old lady in front of her writing a check while all of her children were screaming in her cart. She’s still on the phone and I hear the (R)ude (L)ady talking semi-quietly on her phone.

RL: “Yeah, I’ll be home soon, there’s a slow ass hag in front of me.”

Thankfully, the little old lady (Who is literally maybe the nicest person I’ve ever met) doesn’t hear that well, so she’d missed RL’s comment. After hearing that, I purposefully take my damn sweet time processing her check and asking her how her grandchildren are doing. I finish bagging her groceries and set them in her cart. As she’s pulling away, RL decides she’s not going fast enough and ACTUALLY PUSHES HER OUT OF THE WAY WITH HER CART. When the little old lady turns to look at her, she’s smiles smugly.

RL: “Sorry.”

The little old lady frowns and walks away. Now the real fun begins. Before she says anything, I notice that each child has banana peels in their laps and the youngest has banana all over their face. There’s even a peel inside RL’s purse.

RL: “My kids ate these. Here.”

She proceeds to grab and dump all of the peels on to my register and starts to leave.

Me: “Ma’am, I need some sort of payment, you can’t just leave after eating all of these.”

RL turns and glares at me. She backs up a little. 

RL: “Just weigh the peels or something, I don’t have time for this!”

I glare back at her.

Me: “Even if I was allowed to do that, I’d need ALL of the peels.”

I gesture to the one in her purse (gross). She throws it at me. 

RL: “Here’s your peel. Now weigh them!”

Her face is getting angrier by the minute.

Me: “I’ll have to call for a manager.”

That’s when I notice the ‘Organic’ sticker on all of the peels, which means it will be more expensive. $1.29 /lb in fact. She slams her hand on my register as I’m about to call.

RL: “This is ridiculous!! Just weigh my hand or something!!!”

As she’s pressing her hand down, she’s also squeezing the peels as hard as she can, making a huge mess of peel and banana mush. I’ve had it.

Me: “MANAGER TO THE FRONT. Please.”

The (M)anager thankfully was not far and came rushing up.

M: “What can I do for y-“

He sees it’s this particular lady and the mess on my register. Before he can open his mouth again she wails at him.

RL: “Your cashier has been so RUDE to my family and I! All we want to do is pay for our bananas and GO! She’s being incredibly difficult and even made this disgusting mess!”

I’m fuming at this point and my manager is getting a little ticked off knowing this lady is a liar because I would never do something this childish. 

RL: “What are you going to DO about THIS for us???!!??”

I turn to my manager.

Me: “Her and her children ate an entire bunch of bananas, tried to leave without paying and when I called her out on it, she told me to weigh her hand and squished these peels.”

The manager nodded.

M: “Go ahead and weigh her hand. Whatever it comes out to, she can pay that. Then, she’s no longer welcome in our store.”

Of course she’s shocked and stammering trying to claim that I lied about the entire story and it was nothing like that. Obviously my manager was having none of it and told her to put her banana covered hand back on the scale. She did and pressed as hard as she could.
Well, she’s not too smart and forgot how scales work. She’d pressed it down and it came up as about 30 lbs. 

Me: “And your total is going to be $38.54. Will you be using cash or card?”

She was completely outraged and started yelling at my manager and I calling us crooks (ironic) and that she’d never pay something so ridiculous. My manager threatened to call the police and report her for theft if she didn’t. She screamed some more and threw two $20’s at me. I gave her the change which she snatched out of my hand and continued to scream and curse down the exit and out the door.

Me: “Thank you for shopping, have a nice day!”

EDIT: Wow! This blew up. Thank you so much for all of the comments, I loved reading other stories! Thank you for my first gold too!! So cool!

For those asking why she came through my line when she didn’t plan on paying: In the backstory I provided, my manager would either grab new fruit and she would complain, or just wave it off and let her go. Basically she would either pay less than what actually would have been owed or nothing at all. 

For those asking about cute little old lady (her name is Eda) I asked a coworker to text me if she saw her and ask if she’s okay. Nothing yet, cross your fingers.

To clear up some things: No, she had nothing else except banana peels. 
I asked little old lady about her grandchildren in the time it took for me to process her check, maybe 15-20 seconds.

---

## Top Comments

**u/gimzi** (3,759 points)

I love your manager... This is one of the best ways to fire an unwanted customer that I have ever seen!

**u/leicams** (1,507 points)

Can you please cross post this to malicious compliance? This is amazing.

**u/dontmentionthething** (588 points)

Yeah i have a posse of steampunk cosplayers hanging around my yard, harassing the neighbors. I'll definitely try this! Not sure how to get them on the scales though...

**u/Jupichan** (566 points)

This must be what an erection feels like.

**u/Bericshawbrad** (449 points)

So she essentially was just feeding her children at the grocery store? I guess that's one way to do it.

**u/lostmycoolname** (375 points)

Oh my word, what brilliant new sub have you introduced me to? Lol

**u/BigBossSquirtle** (337 points)

Omg. Imma bout to kill a bitch. These kinda people should not be living. It's not even about the bananas. Just, how can someone so crude walk around doing this crap on their day to day lives?

**u/hoh112** (324 points)

Update us if she comes back

**u/HarlsnMrJforever** (318 points)

Unfortunately it happens a lot.    

I used to work at large upside down M. We had parents feeding kids bananas, apples and grapes. They just didn't care. If I saw a peel I'd grab their banana bunch, partially put it on the scale and weigh that.      

We also had someone grab popcorn chicken from our deli, eat it the hair salon (while we were keeping an eye on them) and tried to hide the fact when caught.

**u/orlandodad** (302 points)

I literally saw a mother and their kids eating hot items from the deli out of 2 bags and when they finished bag one, which had the inexpensive items in it or it weighed less, she took that sticker off and put it on the second bag to pay for that one and threw the first one away. There was an employee right next to me so I informed him of what happened and he checked the trash can, found the bag, and followed them to the register to pay for both stickers. Made me feel good in the end.

**u/Internet_Validation** (282 points)

&gt; "Well, she’s not too smart and forgot how scales work."

HA, that's my favorite part of the story. Let it lie there limply and lightly and she'd probably come out ahead. But her own activated BANANA RAGE took over.

**u/ssdude101** (280 points)

My local grocery store actually has a cute little shelf with free fruit for children.

**u/thealmightysab** (253 points)

Definitely will.

**u/Ballzy124** (252 points)

What's worse is that she has kids. Not only did they see their parent behave like that but she is BREEDING. SOME PEOPLE SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED TO REPRODUCE!!

**u/tigerpouncepurr** (228 points)

I’m a HUGE stickler for not letting my kids open or eat anything in the store until we pay for it. I don’t want that fight. 

There is one exception: the hot, fresh $.25 rolls from HEB’s bakery. They’re magic and by the time you get home they’re just not as tasty. 

I will let the kiddo have one if I have the physical quarter in my wallet. Cards get declined for stupid reasons all the time. No quarter, no roll. 

I once went back to the end of the line and waited after I had already checked out because I realized that I had forgotten to tell the cashier about the roll the baby was munching and she hadn’t seen it. 

She looked at me like I was crazy, but in a nice way.

**u/beaverji** (214 points)

I love that the customer basically fined herself for her rude behavior hahahaa how many pounds of bananas is that? Somewhere close to 20? Lol.

E: 38.54/1.29 is 29.88lbs

**u/gimzi** (200 points)

If I had steampunk cosplayers hanging around and harassing my neighbors I'd be giving them cookies for being awesome... To be fair I generally hate most of humanity, but I have not yet met someone I didn't like that was into steampunk

**u/X-istenz** (197 points)

... how many pounds is 30lbs of bananas? I'm going to have to call my manager on that one...

**u/thealmightysab** (193 points)

Done!

**u/roccosaint** (163 points)

I caught someone eating their chicken in our back bathrooms. I went into the stall next to them, heard the munching and saw the top of the chicken container on the floor. Finished my business and told the manager. We were waiting outside and he came out. Chicken container was in the trash and he denied everything.

Cops called, cameras pulled.
Arrested for theft. For like $6 of chicken.

**u/roccosaint** (145 points)

I was behind my counter at a section of the store that doesn’t have a scale.
Lady wants to pay because lines at the main registers are too long. I said I can’t weigh them because I have no scale so I can’t ring her up.

Spent 10 mins being yelled at about how I’m causing a loss in business and how unacceptable it is there’s only so many registers open and that our lines are long.

I need to get managers salary, since everyone likes to think I run the place lmao.

**u/auroralovegood** (133 points)

My dad works at a store that does this. Supposedly it hasn't caused any losses because parents are thankful their kid gets a healthy snack, and they spend more money and time shopping!

**u/Dannyjod2002** (126 points)

With their *normal lives* and their *will to live*. Ew.

**u/roccosaint** (123 points)

Not entirely. Some people just want free food.

One time they had me help up front on a register, this family came up and put 2 empty drink bottles and like 4-5 empty food tubs from deli so they can pay for what they ate/drank.

I wanted to cry and be best friends with them.

**u/auner01** (123 points)

Mine too, one per child. 


Guessing it's some sort of honor system or they eat the minor losses.
