# "Some idiot put this cake's writing in cursive!"

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/rachelmaryl  
**Score:** 9,704  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/5rbp5y/some_idiot_put_this_cakes_writing_in_cursive/  

---

In college, I worked for a floral shop that shared a space with a bakery. We had the space for both businesses to operate and it naturally was a good partnership. This story takes place near the end of my senior year. I was six weeks shy of graduating with two degrees. Although I cared about the stores and wanted them to do well, my nonsense-tolerance had dropped significantly. One day, a woman came to me for balloons for her son's 2nd birthday party. She had already picked up her cake.

Woman (grumpily tossing her balloon choices at me): Ugh, I can't believe the bakery. 

Me: Oh, is there something wrong?

Woman: Yes! LOOK at this cake! 

She opens the box. It's a nice looking cake, decorated with icing and trains. A scrolling script says: "Happy 2nd Birthday Jackson!"

Me: ...

Woman: DON'T YOU SEE IT?! 

Me: I think it's a lovely ca-"

Woman: IT'S IN CURSIVE! WHY THE ***F#CK*** WOULD THEY PUT IT IN CURSIVE? HE'S TWO!

Me: Oh...well, it'll take me a couple minutes to fill these balloons. I bet you could take it back, and they could scrape off the old lettering, re-frost the blank space, and rewrite it for you. 

Woman (clearly hasn't heard a word I said): I CAN'T BELIEVE SOMEONE IS SO STUPID TO THINK THIS IS OKAY! 

Me (yelling above her): CAN YOUR SON EVEN READ?! 

She immediately fell silent, blushed a deep purple, and was silent while I filled her balloons. She paid without a word.

---

## Top Comments

**u/ComiendoBizcocho** (3,760 points)

Don't they always write in cursive on cakes?

**u/treetrollmane** (2,177 points)

I can only imagine it look better because it'd be less stop and starts

**u/emax4** (1,870 points)

&gt;CAN YOUR SON EVEN READ?

Thank you for saying out loud what we readers were thinking.

**u/rachelmaryl** (1,813 points)

Less labor-intensive, too.

**u/BlueberryJackets** (1,106 points)

Kids that little don't give a crap. It is the crazy parents. For instance my SIL made a snide remark that we had forgotten to put our daughter's  name and age on that freebie smash cake that some bakeries give out for a 1st birthday. No. We didn't forget.

She doesn't care. She isn't old enough to care. She just just wants to destroy it. I promise she isn't going to wake up in a cold sweat in her thirties thinking mom didn't even love me enough to even get my name on my fucking smash cake.

**u/SquattingDawg** (733 points)

Fewer labor intensive....?

**u/SophiaF88** (539 points)

"Well obviously he can't read it! *It's in cursive!!*"

**u/PM_ME_YOUR_SURNAME** (452 points)

I used to work at a grocery store with an in-store bakery. We had a ~70 year old Asian lady that did all the cake decorating. Couldn't speak a word of English, but could decorate the fuck out of a cake.

She couldn't speak English, but she could read the letters (enough to put them on a cake anyways). So any time someone ordered a cake, the manager would write down what they wanted on a little order sheet.

Anyways, I was a cashier and was working the returns counter when a nice young couple came up to me and said they had to return their cake. 

I asked them why and they said, "We ordered a chocolate cake with blue frosting around the edges, and we wanted one of those plastic 'Happy Birthday!' signs you guys sell on the top. No writing or anything."

Well I open up the cake, and in *perfect* cursive frosting, it read:

###*Plastic Happy Birthday Sign*

I gave them their money back.

**u/Osiris32** (419 points)

I'm in my 30s, and I want a smash cake.

**u/Its_bigC** (371 points)

I tried to not do cursive... Looked worse than nothing at all

**u/VicFatale** (369 points)

Ah yes, I vividly remember my second birthday and the fiasco that was the cake. I knew the bakers wouldn't be so gauche as to use block letters, but the cursive script was appalling! It was almost as if the decorator had never taken calligraphy while studying abroad, so I had it sent back and we sorbet instead.

Or maybe none of that happened and I don't remember anything because I was *two years old*.

**u/MathewManslaughter** (295 points)

Stupid sexy Flanders...

**u/al0_** (266 points)

I don't think she realized that her son doesn't care about what's written on the cake at his age as long as he can smear it on as much surface area possible.

**u/ReflectingPond** (247 points)

You can have as many as you can afford.  There's nothing stopping you.  Sounds like fun, to me.

**u/SmellySlutSocket** (245 points)

He responded to the wrong comment and got massively downvoted lol

**u/whiterabbit9x** (228 points)

In my bakery we use script unless print is requested because less starts and stops make it easier and faster to pipe.

**u/charitablepancetta** (212 points)

Fewer

**u/emax4** (187 points)

Yes, unless the name on the cake is "Clint"

**u/ProfessionalMartian** (177 points)

Fewer stops and starts.

**u/ronin1066** (172 points)

Fewer

**u/vanishplusxzone** (160 points)

And as many as you want to clean up. Don't forget that. Pretty important part of adulting, that.

**u/ENKC** (157 points)

But he should be fluent when his mother speaks in cursive.

**u/borkula** (154 points)

I came downstairs one Christmas to find my parents reading on the couch and the fireplace channel on the TV. I was asked why they had the fireplace channel on the TV when their TV was mounted directly above a real fireplace.

My dad said that my mom was cold and he was warm so they had compromised.

He went on to say that if I was chilly he would turn the volume up.

**u/GreyAndroidGravy** (153 points)

Don't call him that in public yet.

**u/abigfatphoney** (151 points)

Took me a second, but  
  
nothing at all  
  
^nothing ^at ^all  
  
^^nothing ^^at ^^all  
  
^^^nothing ^^^at ^^^all
