# Two Chinese men and a translator enter a store.

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/I_never_speak_true  
**Score:** 9,529  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/68scpf/two_chinese_men_and_a_translator_enter_a_store/  

---

I work at BBQ shop here in Australia, I've dealt with all kinds of customers in my 3 years of experience until today I had the most memorable experiences yet.

Today I had two Chinese men walk in and they looked to be in their early 20's or so. They walked around for a bit before I approached them and asked if they needed any help, it suddenly became clear they didn't know a word of english when one pulled out his phone and started using a translator. Soon fleshed out they were looking at a BBQ we have in stock and some accessories, after about 25 minutes going back and forth with the translator they had all they wanted. 
Normally this transaction only takes about 5-10 minutes on average but I didn't mind as we were all being patient with each other.

I rang up all the items and showed them a full break down of the items which total around $500. I had all the products ready to go in a pile next to the register when he finished paying. When it all finalised he leaned in to shake my hand and said in perfect english.

&gt; "Oh, just so you know, we speak perfect fucking english mate"
 
Both these men erupt into laughter while I'm sitting shaking my head and laughing as well thinking how the fuck did I fall for it. After we all slowly regained ourselves one of the men leaned in and said how well I took it. May not seem all that funny in writing, but its totally made my week.

---

## Top Comments

**u/guska** (2,487 points)

Gold! I've got a regular that doesn't speak a word, but we're all waiting for the day that he reveals that he speaks perfect English.

**u/short_fat_and_single** (1,220 points)

That can't be worse than the socially awkward guy who rented an apartment in a complex and faked being mute so he didn't have to interact with the guys at the reception desk. 

Except the receptionists took pity on him and learned some basic sign language, and one evening they surprised him by signalling. What happened next was probably as awkward as being set up on a blind date with your sister. He moved out the next month.

**u/skpicky** (652 points)

Reminds me of "What the Deaf Man Heard," where the kid grows up and everybody thinks he's a deaf/mute because he acts like it, and when he grows up and becomes Matthew Modine, people say things around him that they wouldn't normally say, secrets, etc. The big shock at the end when he reveals he can hear after all...

**u/Max_Bad_Guy** (535 points)

Title made me think I was on r/jokes ...

I was pleasantly surprised!

**u/mydogguacamole** (340 points)

I worked at a Chinese restaurant for years. The cooks sometimes spoke English, sometimes they didn't - they rotated frequently. At one time, we had this young cook, never spoke a word to me, regardless of what I did or said. He was with us for months, but after about a week of him ignoring me, I figured he didn't speak any English. So I go about my business, assuming he can't understand me, talk to myself, sometimes forget and talk to him, etc. One day, I'm packing up an order and I'm missing a dish, without missing a beat he says, "Here's the orange chicken." Perfect English, and not even a slight fucking accent. I just looked at him and said, "You fucker." He thought it was hilarious. I have to give it to him though, I'm not sure how he kept it going for so long.

**u/Hasuko** (246 points)

I guess he, too, read Catcher in the Rye.

**u/BarrelAss** (160 points)

Does he take the place of the original Matthew Modine, or does he become another Matthew Modine?  Like a twin?

**u/PlainTrain** (153 points)

The original Matthew Modine gets dumped into a tank of water each time.

**u/nikhilbhavsar** (153 points)

OP's response should have been:

"我也说完美中文"

**u/justmutantjed** (129 points)

Wow. They just won at troll. I gotta give them props for that, really committed to it and followed through.

**u/110101101101** (129 points)

I'm like 90% sure that was The Prestige where Wolverine and Batman try to out-do each other's magic tricks.

**u/elangomatt** (126 points)

As long as you weren't busy at the time that's a cool story since you would have gotten a pretty decent sale despite in theory neither of you speaking the same language. I still find it pretty awesome how well the Google Translate does. It doesn't do a perfect job of course but at least you can get the idea. I definitely could have used it when I worked retail over a decade ago.

If your store had been swamped and had a growing line of people waiting for your help though, I would have really annoyed at the end.

**u/T_F_Catus** (110 points)

"我他妈也会说中文啊哥们 !"

Polished it a little.

**u/short_fat_and_single** (93 points)

Unfortunately it was a chan post, and those are tricky to search since they have very little differensiation in the title.

**u/FlusteredByBoobs** (91 points)

You want to know something funny? All the online streams of that movie has no cc or subtitle options.

So as a deaf guy, I can't watch this one. At least not for a while until I find a physical copy somewhere.

**u/mantolwen** (80 points)

There was an actual Chinese Emperor like that. When he grew up he pretended to be stupid so they wouldn't kill him. When they made him Emperor (so they could control him) he turned out to be a smart and non-controllable man.

**u/zyroxod** (80 points)

Because of the replies and for those wondering and interested in languages:

我 = I, 他妈 = used similar to the English "fuck"/"fucking", 也会 = can also, 说中文 = speak Chinese, 啊 = pronounced "a", used as a way of emphasis, 哥们 = lit. brother, the meaning similar to "mate" or "dude"

In agreggate along the lines of: I can also fucking speak Chinese mate!

**u/gracefulwing** (75 points)

Went to preschool with a mute girl, she could understand what you said to her but had to sign or write back. She could mouth words too, but none of us could lipread except the deaf girl, so they were good friends.

**u/IAmA_Catgirl_AMA** (75 points)

Technically it was a joke.

**u/Xais56** (68 points)

A mute girl and a deaf girl being good friends.

Fuck me that's heartwarming.

**u/smegma_stan** (66 points)

I've always wanted to do this, like move to a new city where no one knows me. Start a job as a mute/deaf guy and excel. Get high up and then one day just start talking like I never did that.

**u/Phyltre** (65 points)

It's easy, just search for mfw or greentext, it's guaranteed to be the first result

**u/TaxOwlbear** (64 points)

And in the end it turn out that Alfred did it.

**u/wcrp73** (61 points)

&gt;"I fuck can also speak Chinese a brother"

Checks out.

**u/lolsai** (60 points)

yep, even the post on reddit
