# Today I Made a Customer Cry

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/RubberReptile  
**Score:** 9,526  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/79datl/today_i_made_a_customer_cry/  

---

I work in photo finishing and I was helping a friendly lady who wanted prints off of her phone. She off-handedly mentioned that she recently lost all the photos on her phone so she was only able to get prints from the last few weeks.


I found it odd that the photos would just disappear but the phone was still working. She insisted, despite being a "technology illiterate" that she didn't accidentally delete them. She also off-handedly mentioned that she thought her phone had a memory card in it. 


This needed further investigation. I fully expected her to not have a micro SD card, since many older folk call the Sim Card a memory card, but lo-and-behold there was one inside. 


I put the card into one computer and it didn't show up at all so I tried our Windows PC instead and it told me the disk was unformatted. Likely corrupted somehow by her cheap off-brand Android.


I didn't want to get the her hopes up, but since Windows was able to see it I thought there might be a chance... So I took a deep breath, formatted it and threw it into our recovery software.


I was able to recover 90% of the photos and video on that card.


The lady had been waiting for her prints anyway so I waved for her to come around to my computer and take a look. She looked at the photos on the screen and literally started bawling. It was all her most important pics - her grandson's grad, her dog that had passed a few months ago, family trips... Years worth of pics that weren't backed up anywhere. In the end she bought a new Micro SD and I gave her a DVD of the pics at no charge. After paying, she ran behind the counter and gave me a big hug. 


I later found out that she hand wrote my boss a letter and said it was the best customer service she'd ever had. 


Today has been a good day.

---

## Top Comments

**u/ZerefTheDarkLord** (4,021 points)

"Today I Made a Customer Cry"

Oh good I bet she deserves it.


"I was helping this friendly lady"

Oh no......


"And gave me a big hug"

YES!

**u/survivorfan87** (850 points)

Was totally not expecting that! What a great story :)

**u/IllBeBocc** (698 points)

Ikr.  That was a rush of emotions.  Lovely story.

**u/RubberReptile** (654 points)

The title was an intentional misdirection. I like to be positive, when I can, and for the most part our customer base is pretty good. :)

**u/augustussmash** (355 points)

Great job, awesome for the copy! 

My mom texted me a while back and said their hard drive died. Essentially they lost everything from our graduations to great grandmas 108th birthday in '08, to the cruises, etc.

I sent her a link to my dropbox drive and told her I backed up the drive when I lived at home.

**u/Eatsbakedchicken** (160 points)

When I saw this on the front page I knew it would be a feel good story lol glad to see I was right

**u/LFNB2613** (152 points)

Jokes on you, I expect the unexpected. 

^(Good job OP)

**u/Contemporarium** (130 points)

My stomach was in knots because I thought for sure there was gonna be like pictures or videos of her husband fucking other women that he deleted after realizing they somehow accidentally wound up on her phone without her knowing about it and OP waved her over when she realized they had all been recovered but the images hadn’t fully loaded yet but then did right as the woman was close enough to take a look.

I really don’t want people to think I project my insecurities or anything..cuz I don’t..........right?

**u/BobVosh** (98 points)

10 clickbait titles;  you won't believe what OP did to a customer!  Redditors are delighted by the reptile!  And on their cakeday too!

**u/sexdrugsjokes** (90 points)

She did deserve it

**u/JonatanWest** (89 points)

r/nonononoyes

**u/Cyrridven** (81 points)

That's great. I lost all my pictures from high school to 18 because I was really dumb at the time and didn't know how to use online storage.

**u/DB1723** (62 points)

Just out of curiosity,  what data recovery software requires you to  format the volume first? Testdisk, recuvva and photorec all work on unformated disks as well and avoid writes to the storage. Either way that's awesome you did that for them, most places charge an arm and a leg for even the most basic data recovery, and the customer probably had no idea it was even possible.

**u/Nargles_AreBehindIt** (56 points)

That's awesome. :) ^Happy ^^Cake ^^^Day.

**u/RubberReptile** (49 points)

She was a very nice lady, too. Customers like her are worth going above and beyond for.

**u/ice_cream_on_pizza** (47 points)

That was so nice! Thank you for sharing that story! I love happy tales from retail

**u/bytjdtyujd** (46 points)

I'm not familiar with data recovery software, but I feel like formatting it would make it harder to recover the data as it would be deleting or altering the data that could be used to recover the data.

**u/hellhound12345** (41 points)

Nah you're good. ^Aren't ^You?

**u/Carnaxus** (41 points)

At least you *could’ve* done that.  I graduated high school about a year before Dropbox started being properly useful.

**u/nospecialorders** (39 points)

That's so sweet! And absolutely not what I was expecting!

**u/RubberReptile** (34 points)

Oh my gosh I didn't even notice. Thank yooou!

**u/magicman88999** (24 points)

You people downvotes him, but it's hard to disagree.

**u/Curtalius** (24 points)

Reformatting does surprisingly little to get rid of information. Basically a drive's file structure is just dividing the drive into a bunch of chunks, and reserving some room to keep track of what is in each chunk. To reformat the drive, you just clear out some room at the beginning of the drive, and create all your chunks, and you say they're empty. So if 95% of your drive is usable space, most of that is completely untouched by a reformat.

So all data recovery software has to do is ignore the file system saying that the space is empty, and check anyway.

If you actually want to get rid of data, it usually involves writing junk data over every byte of the drive.

**u/cuthbertnibbles** (23 points)

"Quick format" deletes the data indexing, it essentially says "all that there space doesn't have important information on it".

(ELI5 for everyone reading) Imagine the space the data is stored is a giant filling cabinet. When you put data in a drawer, it stays there, and an index is created that says "cabinet A-5 holds data", and cabinet A-5 is filled with papers. When you delete those files, the papers aren't removed from the filing cabinet, but the index is changed to say "A-5 is empty". When new data is written to A-5, the old papers are replaced with the new papers, and the index is once again updated to say there's data in it. What recovery software does is it goes to all the filing cabinets that have been marked as empty and says, "You know, the index says they're empty, but just for the hell of it, give me the papers in those cabinets, will you?" The computer gets the old files in that cabinet, which are the files you deleted. A quick format just deletes the entire index, setting all the space to "empty", but leaving all the files in place (among other this, this is ELI5).

What happens at a hardware level isn't much different, but instead of filing cabinets you have sectors, written as magnetic polarizations (HDD) or writeable semiconductors (SSD). When writing a file, the 0s and 1s are written to the disk's sector, and the index assigned to maintaining that sector is updated to indicate stored data. When the sector is cleared (file deleted) the index information is overwritten ("1" - there is data is changed to "0" - there is no data) the file stays in the sector and it's not changed. This is because the process for overwriting a sector is the same regardless of what is in there. Let's say you have a text document that's 3 sectors long, each sector is 4096 bytes. When the drive writes the file, it has to update the index for each sector (3 bits) and the sectors themselves (98,304 bits, 3 sectors at 4096 bytes each, one byte = 8 bits) for a total of 98,307 operations. Now, to delete the file, you can either update the index (3 operations) or update the index and replace the file with zeros (98,307 operations). When you write new data, the 3 bits still have to be updated, but it's no faster to fill cleared sectors than filled ones, the magnetic needle passes over the bit and pulses a charge no matter what's on there. So, it's significantly faster to just clear the index and there's no downside. Except for security. Now, every file that you've deleted still exists on your drive. In OP's case, they were able to recover most of it, which was awesome for the lady, but if that card were filled with deleted pictures of your mom and they fell into evil hands, they'd be easy to recover ^despite ^being ^very ^large.

**u/anders_dot_exe** (23 points)

It will automatically upload any photos you take on a mobile device through the app, which is 100% free. You can share photos, albums or even your entire library with anyone you choose. It has a decent editing suite and will also allow you to make collages, animations and movies from your photos and videos. You can even create and order professional photo books right from the app or website. It will also automatically create edited photos using special filters and overlays that you can choose to approve or delete. Everything is saved to google drive and the app has a handy "free up space" feature where you can tell it to delete all of your backed up photos and videos from your phone.
