# So three kids and a scooter came into the store...

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/Keiowolf  
**Score:** 9,093  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/6ot3qe/so_three_kids_and_a_scooter_came_into_the_store/  

---

Let's set the scene real quick. I'm a supervisor at one of the main grocery stores in Australia. I'm currently filling in a shift at another nearby store. 

At the time i was manning the self serve checkouts and i notice three kids come in by themselves (no parent) one pushing a scooter. Now these kids were about 10-15yr old probably.

They looked like your typical trouble making kids you see running around everywhere, although they did comply with instructions when i told them they couldn't ride their scooter in the store. 

Ome of them grabbed a kitkat and purchased that and started to eat it while the others grabbed a 24 pack of soft drink cans. The two with the soft drink proceeded to come through self serve and start to put money into the machine, but then they noticed they were short.

While they are discussing urgently about why they were short and did the kitkat guy spend their money, one realised he had lost a $5 note. 

I was feeling in a good mood and spontaneously decided to cover the $3 for them. They were polite and said thanks...

.. but the reason I'm writing this is for what happened next...

One of the kids found their $5 they dropped on the floor outside the store, came back and offered it to me, which i refused and said they could keep it.

They then asked that i take it and if any other customers were a few dollars short i use it to cover the extra, as their way of paying it forward. 

I accepted, put the money in our loose change tin and sort of wished their parents were around so i could tell them they had raised some awesome kids

---

## Top Comments

**u/Smileyforme1234** (1,473 points)

The fact that the $5 was still on the ground in a public place is amazing.

**u/thistlebone** (1,138 points)

You're nice and I'm glad what went around came around.

Reminds me of one time at the dog wash. Early in the day, a woman paid for her dog plus the price of the next dog to come in, just because. That was sweet of her, but the funny thing to me is it took until the last customer of the day to use up the credit because everyone kept paying it forward when we tried to tell them their bath was free. Sometimes the public is all right.

**u/NoBisonHere** (626 points)

My record "pay it forward" chain was 31 customers long. By that point I was so used to the kindness that I was mildly offended by the person who broke the chain.

**u/Keiowolf** (622 points)

This store I'm filling in at today is pretty quiet. If it was my main store it wouldn't last 30 seconds

**u/CorruptMilkshake** (311 points)

No, it's only financially beneficial for the person at the end. Everyone else goes away feeling a little bit happier because someone was nice to them and they were nice to another person. It's a totally unnecessary exercise in politeness but, like smiling at strangers when you pass them in the street, it makes everyone involved feel better.

**u/Kacke0525** (209 points)

From title and your description of the kids I expected something much different.

It's always nice when things don't take the horrible expectations route.

**u/Seekerstar** (194 points)

I had it happen one day before Christmas while working in the drive thru of America's most popular taco fast food place.

The area plus the restaurant was cruddy enough that it honestly surprised me... but it pleased me, too, because it's unusual.

**u/Neloku** (136 points)

Came expecting a scumbag kids story, left with hope for humanity.

**u/TheToxicTurtle7** (121 points)

lots of places in Australia don't have a whole lot of people but are still very devopled so there is a high chance no one will pick it up but if this were in a city like Melbourne or Sydney it would be gone in the blink of an eye.

**u/HunterHenryk** (118 points)

I never got the whole "pay it forward" thing. In the end it's only actually nice for the person that gets the discounted/free item or service. Everyone else in the middle still paid just like they would've anyways

**u/Drew707** (109 points)

That wouldn't last 30 seconds on my girlfriend's nightstand, TBH.

**u/fortsackville** (100 points)

comradery is very important, we are a social people by blood and tradition.

**u/Redebo** (99 points)

That because we all know she prefers if we leave the money under the pillow.

**u/Keiowolf** (98 points)

That was the idea :P

Although tbh it caught me by surprise that they tried to pay me back. Even more so when they donated their cash to whoever needed it

**u/T_PBn_J** (82 points)

I broke a chain once and the only reason for it was because I looked back and nobody was in line, with me having only a debit/credit card that i couldnt leave at the counter. It still felt bad but i feel like that deserves a pass.

**u/Keiowolf** (77 points)

My record is one. Although my other record is one of those "ones" was for about $300.

**u/rabidWeevil** (74 points)

That's odd, I had that exact thing happen to me, I think the day before Christmas, at that same chain. I was in a pretty bad financial spot at the time and could have used the free food, but just the surprise and generosity of the person in front of me, I couldn't help but pay for the person behind me. It wasn't an especially crappy area though, it's a college town, so kind of a mix of well-off and dirt poor.

**u/Keiowolf** (72 points)

I'm near a major city, this shopping center is just nearby a bigger one and doesn't have anything special so most people tend to ignore it... as such it's usually quiet. 

My normal store is in the bigger center and is crazy busy.

**u/Keiowolf** (72 points)

That hope will be gone by the time you get through the next 1-2 stories in your feed.

**u/Saiomi** (59 points)

I worked at Canada's most popular coffee chain for a few years. We had "pay it forward" chains 100+ deep. If the person didn't want to buy the next car's whole order, they would usually just buy their drink. It was really nice to see and felt amazing to tell people that total strangers did something nice for them.

**u/Ambner1207** (55 points)

I'm in SA and just had a mum and her 13 year old come in to my store for a bra fitting who let me do my job quickly and without fuss (usually the younger ones are, understandably, quite shy) and was really mature and polite. When her daughter was getting dressed I quietly complimented the mother saying how polite she was. I love when we get lovely young people, makes my job a lot easier.

**u/edgar01600** (53 points)

THANK YOU FOR YOUR INPUT

**u/MichaelScott315** (51 points)

Is his girlfriend the tooth fairy?

**u/jellysmacks** (50 points)

Wow you work at Jose's Wocko Tacos too?

**u/Zedman5000** (47 points)

You're fine. I've had to do worse; I had to break the chain at a chicken place named after a dog (with excellent taste in sauce) because I only brought enough money for my meal, which was less than $10, but the car behind me had a family buying $50 worth of food. The cashier told me how much it was before I agreed to pay it, luckily, and didn't make me feel bad for not being able to. As an unemployed college student I couldn't afford to pay that even if I had all my money on hand, but the people who wrote my textbooks definitely could.
