# "You must be her boss"

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/crippled_bastard  
**Score:** 9,044  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/70fxmi/you_must_be_her_boss/  

---

A long time ago, in a galaxy far away, I was a young soldier. I loved the army. I wanted to make it my career. I did it for a long time. 

I got injured. I couldn't do the job I was trained on anymore. So I got out and looked for other jobs. 

I do medical screening now. I'm older than everyone but two people in the entire building. 

On to the story. 

My immediate supervisor is 24. She's fairly young. 

A person didn't like her vitals and insisted that my boss did them wrong. There was absolutely no way her blood pressure was that high. You don't know what you're doing. 

That kind of horse shit. 

I came back from a break and this woman points at me and goes "I want your boss doing it. Him! You! Show her how to do this".

I said, "Lady, she's my boss"

She goes "I don't have time for this. Read my vitals and deal with her after".  

My boss kind of smiled and I took her seat. I ran vitals again, and got the same result. I said "Well, I got the same result. Unfortunately, I need a supervisor to sign off on a correction(Sort of true, but not really). Let me get my boss". 

I stood up, and turned to her and said, "Hey, when you get a chance, can you confirm these corrections?"

She said "Yeah, I'm going to take a 10 minute break, but as soon as I get back, I'll knock that out."

"Sorry, Ma'am. I can't overrule my boss.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Eran-of-Arcadia** (3,649 points)

Can't *imagine* why her blood pressure is so high.

**u/republican4** (1,792 points)

On behalf of women in management every where. Thank you

**u/vrncsampson** (1,088 points)

Petty as fuck. I love it

**u/found-note** (1,040 points)

at age 18 i got a job doing 911 dispatch. i was the only male and the youngest dispatcher by a good 15 years. whenever the women had a really difficult caller, they'd put them on hold and tell me to pick up, which almost always made the caller chill out, start calling me "sir", and sometimes even assume the dispatcher had transferred them to a cop already.

but really i was a dumb 18 year old with a baritone voice, and i was still learning the ropes so whatever they wanted usually ended up taking twice as long. that's what you get for being dumb.

**u/Gregkot** (938 points)

All that SALT

**u/StookyBil** (845 points)

My ex had her PHD so her credit cards all had Dr on them. When we went out for dinner and it was her turn to pay she'd hand over a card, but they'd see that Dr title and try to give it back to me to sign or enter a PIN. What made it even funnier was that she is asian. Her cards read Dr Tang, and every time they would read that, look between the Chinese girl (who had handed over the card in the first place) and the white guy and hand it to the white guy.

**u/thecelestialteapot** (827 points)

Seriously. One if the guys working for me is 39 (I'm 23), and I've had multiple people turn to him about a complaint or something, but he just smiles and tells them I'm his superior. Always satisfying.

**u/Blue_Moon_Rabbit** (669 points)

I bet it's mutually beneficial. You have authority, and he has the ability to direct annoying people to that authority and away from him. Glorious example of symbiosis in action.

**u/likejackandsally** (549 points)

I have to do this at work sometimes. I've been in IT for 5 years and at my current company for 1.5 years. 

I have some customers that will not listen to what I'm telling them, even if what I'm saying is coming from documentation or a senior technician. So I just have to grab a male, any male (doesn't matter experience) to repeat what I just said and magically the customer understands and is fine with the answer.

**u/Gneissisnice** (519 points)

&gt; I said, "Lady, she's my boss"

&gt; She goes "I don't have time for this. Read my vitals and deal with her after". 

I love that her answer doesn't even match what you said, at all.

Like instead of "Lady, she's my boss", she heard "I'm sorry for her incompetence, she is a new employee that we are still training."

Some people are just in a different world.

**u/OrionsByte** (465 points)

Alternative medical facts.

**u/Katesfan** (291 points)

I've never seen a credit card with a title on it. TIL that's a thing!

**u/likejackandsally** (243 points)

I guess it's better than "Put me back in the queue. I only want to work with a man."

Yes, that was actually said to me once. And no, I didn't put him back in line. I told him he could either wait another 45 minutes with no guarantee he'd be picked up by a male or he could let me fix his problem in 15 minutes.

Got it done in 10.

**u/ahpnej** (216 points)

When I was still working in a grocery store I did a stint as a baker to cover the bakery manager's week off. What people really want is to be put on hold and then talk to a man, bonus points if the man talks to someone with a fancy title (who is probably the person that just asked the man to pick the phone up).

What I really wanted was for the mini-croissants to not be crunchy. Everybody won that week.

**u/juicebox244** (205 points)

Obviously she plays rainbow 6 siege.

**u/Saucermote** (200 points)

Possibly a thing, but as someone with a doctor in the family, none of our cards say it.  You don't generally advertise to others that see a card anything you don't have to in case of theft (so it doesn't look like a higher value card.)

**u/shit_poster9000** (183 points)

Dehydration plus obesity?

**u/Ymir_from_Saturn** (180 points)

Constantly bitching can't help

**u/cluchec** (149 points)

In my restaurant something similar happened. Someone yelled at my female manager and said, "You cant be a manager, youre a woman!" So we got a higher up manager to deal with her. She was also a woman. It was great. The weird part was that the customer was also a woman!! Oh South Louisiana. Please change.

**u/dameon5** (147 points)

I feel for you. When I was first hired into a software support team I was one of two guys on the team. The majority were women. And those women had years more experience than I did. At first I couldn't believe how often this happened, and not just with men. They would give me a heads up via IM that they had a caller insisting to speak to "a man". 

When I got the call, I would listen for a bit, and then explain that I would "love" to help them with their issue, but the technician they had been speaking to previously is really more qualified to do so as they are in the process of training me. Then I would transfer the moron back to the person who had been trying to help them and wait for my next call to roll in.

**u/420yoloswagblazeit** (138 points)

Sometimes when you've spent a few hundred thousand dollars and years of your life to earn that title you want everybody to know it.

**u/d2dobie** (134 points)

That's fucked

**u/greyingjay** (129 points)

I think I like that approach. Maybe more places should take it.

"Oh, you'd rather talk to a man? OK, let me put you back in the queue. There's a 20 minute wait time. Or would you like me to fix it for you right now?"

**u/seizuresrock** (128 points)

This gave me a ladyboner.

**u/You_Dont_Party** (123 points)

Male nurse here, I have to correct patients multiple times a day that no, I'm not their doctor. The nice lady with the lab coat, the MD behind her name on her coat, and whose name matches the name of the attending physician on your patient information board in front of you is your doctor.
