# I witnessed F*** you money.

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/Maghliona  
**Score:** 8,105  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/aawl8z/i_witnessed_f_you_money/  

---

This happened to me about a month or so ago and I am still relishing in the glory.
I work at a large US auto parts store
Cast


Me: me
Money bags: $$
Crazy Lady: CL
Manager: M


Now money bags is a regular customer and when he came mes in we jump for joy as his purchases are in the thousands of dollars. 


I am helping $$ look up parts and get them for him when CL walks in and rushes to put seat cover aisle. Where she grabs the ugliest bejeweled faux leather seat cover and rushes up front.


CL: The prices on these God d\***ed covers are f\***ing outrageous! $60 for these?! (I do agree that the price is high and would have helped her)


Me: Ma'am I will be with you in just a second after I finish helping $$. Or my manager will be here in a moment and he will help you. I am sure-


CL: NO! You will help me now! I have money! And you will stop being a lazy f\***ing a\**hole and help me right now! ( And now I won't help you, don't cuss me out) 


M walks up.


M: can I help you ma'am? 


CL: Yes tell your lazy a** employee to do his f***ing Job! 


At this point I stop listening to her and continue helping $$


$$ points to seat cover. 


$$: Do y'all have any more of those?


Me: let me check, (checks) yes 3 more besides that one.


$$: can you please get them for me.


Me: okay.


Me gets them


$$ addresses CL


$$: you gonna buy that?


CL: I haven't decided yet!


$$ grabs it and tells me he wants to buy all 4 with cash. (Remember these are $60+tax each)


Me makes the sale.


$$ proceeds to take them out of the boxes and cut them into ribbons in front of CL and throw them away with a huge smile. He then returned to me to finish his shopping list that ended up being a whopping $4k+ sale 


CL: He can't do that!!!!!


M: He paid for it he can. Now leave this store you are not welcome here anymore. ( I love my Managers zero tolerance policy on customers cussing out employees)


TL:DR Man with f*** you money puts Crazy Lady down.

---

## Top Comments

**u/FG39V9-1** (3,579 points)

I like money bags guy he seems cool

**u/Maghliona** (2,597 points)

He is. He buys vehicles on the side of the road and fixes them. Then sells them when he finds a new project.

**u/Chatty_Monkey_Don** (1,077 points)

I hope you gave him a discount equal to the cost of the seat covers even though he doesn't need it.

**u/mrmnder** (1,027 points)

Are you telling me those cars just sitting on the side of the road are free? My street had dozens of those every night

**u/WillamThunderAct** (1,019 points)

That's a legit power move

**u/Maghliona** (998 points)

I mean he got a 10% discount so yeah.

**u/Karen125** (977 points)

My husband owned an auto parts store and his policy was that the phone had to be answered by the third ring.  He was helping someone one day and the phone rang, he excused himself, answered the phone and told the guy on the phone that he'd call him back in a few minutes.  The customer at the counter pitched a fit, said he should never interrupt a sale to answer the phone.  Husband explained that in auto parts the customer on the phone orders $10k a month, guy at the counter was a one time $100 sale, do the math.

**u/commissar0617** (611 points)

Yeah,  car flippers are not too uncommon

**u/Cocoa121** (530 points)

I think they were making a joke about street parked cars being free.

**u/Maghliona** (461 points)

We have that same policy. Generally nobody pitched a fit over wait a second for me to grab the phone and set it on hold .

**u/Moose1194** (449 points)

&gt;cut them into ribbons

So did he just happen to have scissors or a knife on him?

**u/sonrad10** (441 points)

&gt;$4,000 * 0.1 = $400

&gt;$60 * 4 = $240

:)

**u/FuzzyBacon** (395 points)

Presumably you have to get in touch with the owner and buy it first, but if they've abandoned the vehicle chances are you can get it for a song.

**u/Maghliona** (371 points)

This he had a pocket knife on him. Where I live it is uncommon for you not to have a pocket knife. It is a handy tool for most situations.

**u/gringrant** (343 points)

"I punch those numbers into my calculator and it makes a smiley face" -Cave Johnson

**u/ThePrussianGrippe** (337 points)

Sheer power of ~~will~~ fuck you money

**u/Push_** (266 points)

A lot of people always carry a pocket knife or box cutter with them.

**u/pugmcmuffins** (255 points)

As a customer, I find it annoying when the phone continually rings and no one answers it. I'd much rather wait a moment.

**u/Banana_Havok** (239 points)

Your asterisks turned your text bold and you lost some letters

**u/sunabe_sun** (209 points)

And everyone clapped?

**u/low-magnitude** (146 points)

I didn’t understand that comment until I read yours

**u/cat-god** (140 points)

I hope the entire bus clapped.

**u/saturnspritr** (129 points)

The hero we need.

**u/Maghliona** (124 points)

Lol so it did. And so I did. Oh well the point comes across

**u/rrjamal** (121 points)

Let the guy do his thing. Who cares? They're just words.
