# "I'm not leaving here without the Wii." Yes you are.

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/Presspanda  
**Score:** 7,980  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/6djvtl/im_not_leaving_here_without_the_wii_yes_you_are/  

---

It's been over a decade since I worked in retail but reading this sub lately has brought back so many memories and I thought I would start to share.

I worked in a store selling dvds, cds, games, vinyl and a bunch of other entertainment related stuff. This story took place the day after the launch of the Nintendo Wii. 

Our store had guaranteed that if you had pre-ordered a Wii by a certain date then you would get one. If you had not pre-ordered then it was first come, first served for the remaining stock. No one was able to place an order or reserve one after the release day as we could not guarantee when we would get stock back in.

The day after the release, we had just opened and I was standing by the entrance of the door to greet customers when this big angry looking guy comes charging through the door straight up to me ...

Customer: do you have any Nintendo Wii's in stock ? 

Me: Hi, I'm sorry we sold out of the stock we had yesterday.

...on hearing this the customer stamped his foot and slammed his shopping bags against his side. I knew at that point drama was about to unfold.

Customer: Right, well I want to pre order one.

Me: I'm sorry, we can no longer take pre orders as it's now after release day and we are unable to take orders as we cannot guarantee when we will receive stock back in since the product is in such high demand

Customer: That's a lie! 

Me: What? 

Customer: You are lying to me, I was in here 2 weeks ago and was told if I pre ordered I was guaranteed one on the day of release! 


At this point, I'm thinking maybe I've misunderstood  and he has in fact pre ordered so I make an attempt at clarifying...



Me: Oh, are you here to collect a pre order? Do you have your order slip and receipt?

Customer: No I don't have a slip, you should have one for me because I enquired about wanting one weeks ago! Either give me one now or order one for me! My son wants one! 

Me: That's not how it works unfortunately, we only pre order with a deposit. If you have not paid a deposit then we do not have a pre order for you. I cannot order you one either as our system will not let us. 

Customer: This is ridiculous! Get me a manager right now as you are obviously incapable of sorting this mess out. I'm not leaving here without the Wii!


As angry as this guy already was, he was about to get even angrier as I now had to inform him that I was in fact the manager on duty and the only one around.

(I was a supervisor who did opening and closing - supervisors were designated managers on duty when there were no real grown ups around)

The guy flipped out...pointing his finger in my face, calling me a liar, telling me there is no way some little girl was a manager. 

Just as I was starting to worry this guy was about to physically assault me something wonderful happened. I felt something brush over the top of my shoulder from behind and suddenly the customers face dropped and he was being dragged towards the door.

Unbeknown to me, our security guard had just come on shift and was just entering the shop floor when he heard the customer screaming at me.  He walked straight up from behind me, grabbed the guy by his neck and dragged him outside backwards telling him "you're done." 

Once outside, the guy stood between me and the security guard...almost foaming at the mouth with rage for a good minute before turning and storming out of sight.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Sonic10122** (3,054 points)

Such a satisfying story there at the end.  It's good to know you had security there.  

Sadly Nintendo hasn't learned it's lesson yet, I feel really sorry for anywhere that sells a Switch or did sell an NES Mini.

**u/sr71oni** (785 points)

Our store only got maybe three *maybe* four shipments of the NES classics since it was released in November. Total stock received was never made it to triple digits. And we're a high traffic store. It's the same story with amiibos, the 3DS, or literally any Nintendo product with any sort of demand.

**u/KurokiNami** (407 points)

Nintendo is paying the price with the amiibos though. People aren't gonna pay crazy prices on eBay or Amazon so they're buying nfc cards that people are making for waaaay cheaper

**u/desultorysock** (396 points)

I'm casually employed as a security guard (certified, licences and all), which has pretty much never come in handy for me yet, but if I ever had the opportunity to do this for a coworker, that's a badass way to say "hey, I showed up for work today."

**u/Flynnodaire** (325 points)

I would like to confirm that it is in fact a similar situation with the Nintendo Switch, though stock is becoming steadily more readily available.

We offered several waves of preorders but had absolutely zero idea of when they would come in, just an 'as and when' estimation.

The best is when a customer would see us selling to a preorder customer and then be outraged that they weren't being given the same 'preferential treatment' despite just walking in and deciding they wanted stock...on launch day...

**u/sr71oni** (297 points)

The thing is everyone says they're making it scarce to drive up demand. But problem is, Nintendo is selling it at a fixed cost with a fixed supply. They aren't charging more due to the higher demand. 

Second hand sellers are making the profit off the high demand, not Nintendo.

**u/sirpenguino** (253 points)

I think Nintendo is doing it intentionally. There's no way any other company would do this for the last 3-4 major releases in a row without making sure to ramp up production to meet demand.

**u/Presspanda** (227 points)

I was extremely grateful that our security guard showed up for work that day....and for all the other days he showed up and dealt with the lunatics that came through the doors.

**u/rillip** (227 points)

I work in rental cars. Man you've described every single night shift. "You said you were out of cars! Why does she get a car!?" 


Because she had the foresight to make a reservation you git.

**u/Information_High** (227 points)

It's this kind of behavior that causes me to give zero fucks about grabbing ROMs off torrents and playing them in emulation.

**u/l_u1z** (208 points)

&gt; I was in fact the manager on duty and the only one around.

http://imgur.com/gallery/vPoiE

**u/PM_ME_YOUR_THESES** (183 points)

Tell that to Apple.

But, yes. Of course it's intentional. The perception of scarcity makes the thing more desirable.

**u/martinaee** (145 points)

How does somebody not comprehend that "PRE-order" means literally order (with actual money---a downpayment) before release? People are insane.

**u/cherrycrisp** (140 points)

So they could sell NES games on the switch online store.

**u/KurokiNami** (128 points)

Exactly, it makes no sense to do what they're doing. I don't feel bad whatsoever for Nintendo. If they were available for people to buy then the cards would be way less prevalent.

**u/Hanfpflanze** (123 points)

Literally this. I made $1600 in one month selling nfc tags at the height of the zelda amiibo craze. $1 tags were fetching up to $20 each.

**u/spunkyweazle** (119 points)

Wii customers were the worst when I worked at EB. People would practically knock shelves down reaching for the display boxes on the top rack, commenting "Wow this thing is really light" as they made their way up.

**u/KitKatKnitter** (100 points)

And stupid. Let's never forget stupid.

**u/Bacon_Hammers** (99 points)

Story time. I went into almost every red/white gamestore to find a Wii. After launch. You can already assume how that turned out. So, my last stop, the one near my house, I went in and asked if they had one. No such luck. So I just chalked it up to me being a dumbass with no sense, so I sucked it up, smiled, and pre-ordered a game I was going to get anyway.

A week or two later, I get a call from my regular red/white gamestore, well, the guy's cell phone at least. He wrote down my number from my preorder, and did me a solid to stash away a console, but I had to come down in the next 20 minutes or so, or he would have to put it back with the stock. A misplaced Wii doesn't go unnoticed for long. Especially when there are people waiting outside to buy one. Apparently I was the only person since the Wii's release that didn't give him some sort of attitude about it not being in stock.

Be nice to retail workers. They notice.

**u/emdave** (98 points)

Presumably something in his backstory that we will never know - wife just left him, and he promised the kids a Nintendo to make it up to them, but didn't have the cash to pre-order, or whatever - sadly people can get overwhelmed by their circumstances, and not everyone has the good grace or strength of character to avoid then taking it out on others :/

**u/shezka_foxe** (86 points)

Read the book called "Game Over". Nintendo is notorious for doing this, the main reason being they don't want to overproduce product. Atari overproduced and it ended up putting them in debt and eventually what led the company being sold off back in the day. The book explores the history of Nintendo and it's pretty fascinating. They have always under-filled orders and pretty much forced retailers to play by their rules.

**u/baobrain** (80 points)

[There were reports a while back that nintendo might have done that themselves...](http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2017-01-18-did-nintendo-download-a-mario-rom-and-sell-it-back-to-us)

**u/[deleted]** (78 points)

what has gone wrong with the world where a grown ass man gets *so fucking pissed off* about a *toy.*

**u/Vcent** (66 points)

The thing is that somebody else invented the .nes header inside the file, so it's not something Nintendo came up with(unless the guy somehow got the idea from internal Nintendo tools he somehow had access to when he created it).
  
It is used to tell the emulator "hey I'm so and so cartridge, and I want this, this, this and that peripheral available to me, or I'm not going to work"(more or less). There's no reason why an official Nintendo rom, made by Nintendo would have such a tag, in this specific place &amp;amp; format, *unless* Nintendo created the original tag system(no evidence), *or* they took a pirated and already tagged rom from the internet(some evidence, but no official comment). 
  
Either way, it's very strange. Unless someone got lazy, and was discovered, in which case it's fairly straightforward.

**u/CCtenor** (64 points)

My gosh, that was such a satisfying ending. I’d have loved to be that security guard, just for the satisfaction of being able to remove someone threatening a coworker in my store.
