# "You don't know that word? Well, then, obviously you know nothing of this language."

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/Knever  
**Score:** 7,782  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/774ajo/you_dont_know_that_word_well_then_obviously_you/  

---

I used to work at a Brazillian supermarket (in Florida). The customers were pretty much all Brazillians, leading to almost everybody speaking (Brazillian) Portuguese. My parents are from there, but I was born in North America. Although I do know how to speak Portuguese, sometimes my American accent bleeds through, and sometimes I don't know a word or two. Prople usually understand.

But not this one lady. Boy, did she have something to say. I was behind the customer service desk so I couldn't leave, but the lady asked me where something was. It was around the corner, near a certain shelf. I couldn't remember what the word for "shelf" was, so I think I said, "fixture that holds things" or something like that.

&gt; "'Fixture that holds things'? What the heck is that? Do you even speak Portuguese?"

&gt;Yes, ma'am, I'm sorry I forgot the word for that (I point to the shelf), but what you're looking for is right around it.

Keep in mind, the shelf was in sight of both of us, but she didn't want to look.

&gt; You don't speak Portuguese. Get me someone else to help.

I'm a little confused (I mean, it's just one word I didn't know) but my manager happens to appear and I figure she's not busy.

(Keep in mind, this is all in perfect Portuguese)
&gt; Maria, would you be able to help this woman? Apparently, I don't speak Portuguese so I'm not able to communicate with her. She doesn't understand anything I'm saying, because, even though it sounds like Portuguese, she said it's not, so, honestly, I'm not really sure what language I'm speaking. But, that doesn't really matter, I guess. She needs help finding (item), which I said was over there, but I guess she needs to hear that in Portuguese, which, again, I apparently don't speak.

It turned out that Maria was well aware of this customer and she complained about *everything*, so she wasn't surprised that she was acting like an idiot. She almost stopped as she had to stifle some laughter during my monologue. The lady just kind of looked like someone had slapped her with an idiot stick.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Allayna** (3,151 points)

The best burns are delivered politely with a smile.

**u/OldLamborghiniThere** (1,748 points)

In Portuguese

**u/Alias-_-Me** (916 points)

Stored dry on a fixture that holds things 

Edit: Everyone answers in Portuguese and I can't understand a damn word

**u/Miasma_Of_faith** (899 points)

I remember when I tried to help some French customers. They asked me if I spoke French. I didn't want to oversell myself so I said "un peu." The couple threw their hands up in disgust and said "Un peu?" and made an annoyed grunt and walked away.

I mean, I had taken like 5 years of French and was *okay* at speaking it. I'm sure I could have helped them more than any of the other country bumpkins.

**u/stay_sweet** (642 points)

[Relevant comic about speaking a language](http://www.itchyfeetcomic.com/2014/12/speaking-terms.html)

**u/rubermnkey** (360 points)

I mean if you said fixture that holds things, instead of shelf, i would guess english was your second language, but would be more impressed you said fixture that holds things rather than saying shelf.

**u/Sabrielle24** (325 points)

In Turkey, it's a cross between the German and Italian ones. They're ecstatic to find someone who's trying to speak their language, they'll speak to you in English, then try to help you out with Turkish. I love it.

My dad speaks near fluent Turkish (certainly enough to get by) and it's good fun to go shopping with him in touristy places, because they think he's a tourist, then he just bats them down with a string of Turkish rebuttals.

**u/Mike_Hancho5711** (287 points)

I know enough Spanish to get by with patient strangers and slow speakers. It's always fun as pale white Midwestern dude to speak semi passable Spanish to my Hispanic customers. Some I swear almost faint.

**u/Knever** (214 points)

It might have been "furniture that holds things" now that I think about it. It's been ten years :P

**u/SurprisedPotato** (182 points)

***Queimaduras!!!***

**u/IellaAntilles** (170 points)

Yep. When I walk into the Grand Bazaar and respond to the salesmen in Turkish, the price suddenly drops by 50%.

**u/justmutantjed** (169 points)

Dude. The only language I speak is English. During my day, I still stutter and say stuff like, "the... uh... thingy. Whatchamacallit." When I mean to indicate the customer should now insert their credit card into the chip-reader.

**u/AldurinIronfist** (133 points)

Same in Dutch. Except the first response would be "why the hell are you learning Dutch?"

**u/crazycarrie06** (128 points)

I've helped my share of customers in Spanglish back in the day. My Spanish wasn't good their English wasn't but between the two languages we got it done lol

**u/papereel** (121 points)

That’s like going to New York City. Hand the hot dog guy a dollar and get your dog. “Hi I’m traveling with my family from Germany how much is a hot dog???” $10 each.

**u/random_bored_guy** (113 points)

My wife is first generation American..her mom's side of the family all still live in Germany.  

I was lacking a language credit when I went to college so I took german because we traveled with them a few times and it seemed appropriate.

While I can't speak it or really understand it now, I was doing pretty well with it by the time we first went to Germany.

I got sick and stayed back at a hotel (we traveled to the Die Toten Hosen concert) while they were out doing g stuff, but got hungry, so I went to a little bakery.

Everyone in there, from employees to customers were very welcoming to my attempts at speaking, and told me to keep it up and was doing very well.  All in German.  It was really fun. 

Edit: words

**u/Miasma_Of_faith** (107 points)

A little

**u/T_Halls** (104 points)

Same about being Brazilian born in North America who sometimes forgets Portuguese words. Legit first time I could relate to someone on this matter.

**u/rw8966** (94 points)

Imagine not knowing that 🙄

**u/sogoddamnitchy** (84 points)

who the fuck buys a hot dog in nyc anymore? give me that $5 combo over rice, white sauce, bbq sauce and hot sauce no salad.

**u/Jester_Thomas_** (79 points)

My experiences of France and Italy have been precisely the opposite to that. German is bang on though.

**u/thehighground** (79 points)

When I used to work retail I would go into my glorious politeness mode and phrases like "it would be a pleasure to assist you today, sir/ma'am" would come out of my mouth without even realizing it. The customers never knew I was pissed at them and I even got a bunch of them talking to the managers about how helpful I was when I didn't do anything other than use flowery speech to them when they asked a question. 

The best was when one of my buddies who had never heard it, caught me doing this with an obnoxious man who felt anyone behind a camera counter should be an expert in photography, I nearly lost it when I saw him laughing but held it together long enough to get the guy out of there.

**u/Shihaby** (77 points)

*smiles Portuguesely*

**u/TheDangerousAnt** (74 points)

Isso é espanhol caralho

**u/mstarrbrannigan** (71 points)

When I was 13 my aunt married a dude from Switzerland and the wedding was held there, in the French part. None of us kids spoke French, but my cousin and I were assigned to go around and get people to sign the guest book. They taught us (I just now looked up the spelling) 'voulez-vous signer.' To this day that is all the French I speak.

And being kids, we knew no one there except our family, so we'd just go up to everyone and say it. Some laughed, and responded in English, some were impressed, and some tried to speak to us in French. All in all it was fine, if a little awkward at times. I just wish one of the French speaking adults, like my mother or even my father who spoke a bit and understood enough to almost follow along, would have done the job. But the grown ups wanted to drink and have a good time.
