# "He's too abrasive"

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/l3esitos  
**Score:** 7,596  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/6ss3mz/hes_too_abrasive/  

---

I have the wonderful luxury of working for a company that doesn't tolerate poor attitudes, and isn't afraid to have one back. 

It's holiday season, the Mall is absolutely packed, we've got all hands on deck and everyone in their highest performance zone. 

Customer comes up to my register and the conversation goes as follows. 

C: That guy up front needs to shutup, he's too abrasive.

I peak over and see my coworker doing exactly what he's supposed to do, keep energy high, talk to everyone, keep the mood light. 

Me: Pardon? 

C: He's too much, can you pull him aside?

Me: No. But you can leave if it's bothering you. 

Customer looked at me for a second and then asked if I could grab a manager, I point him in the direction and they both come back to my work area to clear things up. 

Manager: Did you tell him he could leave?

Me: Yes

The customer then reiterates his complaint. 

Manager: Yeah, no. Fuck off. You can leave.

---

## Top Comments

**u/liarandathief** (2,513 points)

&gt;keep energy high

sounds awful.

**u/bruck27** (2,290 points)

What a great manager.

**u/The_English_Male** (932 points)

Are you British? Cos it sounds awful to me as well.

**u/drunky_crowette** (824 points)

What kind of complaint is that "I was told I was free to leave and take my business elsewhere! Unacceptable! I'm going to leave and take my business elsewhere!"

**u/socksthekitten** (625 points)

You guys hiring?

**u/77Hurricanes** (590 points)

Sounds like hell, I'm american

**u/TheRealKidkudi** (434 points)

You mean to tell me you aren't `H I G H E N E R G Y`? How are you going to make America great again?

**u/maybe_tom_cruise** (401 points)

We're outsourcing our energy and making mexico pay for it

**u/RedBanana99** (276 points)

Lies! All lies! OP is a phony and I'm getting out my pitchfork.  

Far too good to be true....

**u/yzRPhu** (181 points)

Same

**u/Shabba-Doo** (170 points)

&gt;Manager: Did you tell him he could leave?

I love this part.  It's like customer troubleshooting.  

"Did you try telling him to leave?"

"Yeah, didn't work."

"Hmmm, ok let me try."

**u/imhotep4** (149 points)

why is this so rare in America? i live in Romania and retail workers here are never afraid to tell you if you're being annoying or making their work harder, and that's the way it should be.

**u/blondebandits** (147 points)

Me too thanks

**u/r4r4me** (121 points)

I think it's more about the "customer is always right" attitude. They think being rude to employees is justified as long as they get their way and if one of the employees talks back to them that they can complain and get them fired. Unfortunately this would actually happen at a lot of larger chains. Better to protect brand loyalty than one employee sticking up for themselves I suppose.

**u/xTye** (117 points)

Ah. The "I need *anything* to complain about" customer.

Fuck that customer.

**u/sonicboi** (111 points)

Because nothing matters except "highly satisfied customers." One bad review could "destroy our huge mega-corporation." They're all affraid to lose a single customer, so it causes bad customer behavior.

**u/bclagge** (105 points)

Don't threaten me!

**u/Qanaesin** (100 points)

Can't be retail, no way.

**u/Strictly_Baked** (98 points)

We're going to build a solar wall and make Mexico pay for it.

**u/FrighteningWorld** (96 points)

Meanwhile in Bizarrro retail...

**u/Herpkina** (93 points)

I can not stand people that go over the top, like they're talking to a 5 year old that drew them a picture

**u/Amnial556** (85 points)

No it can't be solar. That'll ruin the already perfect energy companies we have already! We will  Make it out of coal clearly

**u/RPGStylee** (71 points)

Abrasive doesn't even apply. The hell. Think the customer was just in a bad mood. Badass manager too.

**u/annoyingone** (71 points)

I notice you only have 15 pieces of flair....
