# It's $0.36, no big deal.

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/JaniceTheButcher  
**Score:** 7,550  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/4u89p9/its_036_no_big_deal/  

---

So I used to work at an ice cream chain where we prepared the ice cream with various toppings on a frozen piece of rock.


On this particular day, I was working with one other person and it wasn't too busy. Two young guys came in, about high school age. They ordered a large bowl of ice cream with a few toppings, I mixed it for them and went to ring them up. I'll use use G for guy, since I really just talked to one of them.


Me: Okay, so that'll be $x.xx

G: Okay, I have a giftcard.

Me: Great! *scans card* so it looks like you owe another $0.36 after the giftcard.


At the point, they both look at each other and shrug sadly.


G: Oh...I'm sorry, I don't have any money with me, never mind....

Me: Oh hey, it's cool, only $0.36 *I take the $0.36 out of the tip jar and put it in the till* no big deal!

G: Wow, thanks!


The two guys leave, and I thought that was that. Felt good doing something nice.


So the one guy comes back several hours later. I saw him come in, and went to the register to meet him.


Me: Oh hey! You're back. Did you need anything el...


Before I finished, and without looking at me once or saying a word, he dropped a $20 bill in the jar and immediately turned and left.


I was so shocked I just stared after him until he walked out the door.


So that was pretty cool :)




Edit: Holy crap this blew up! Thank you for the gold stranger!

---

## Top Comments

**u/IdleRhymer** (5,418 points)

Not at all where I thought this was going. Nice kid!

**u/gunnar117** (2,645 points)

I was definitely expecting this to be one of those stories with the crazy mom buying ice cream for her kid, and she is 36¢ short and tries to get away with leaving because "It's just 36¢".

**u/TheDesktopNinja** (1,580 points)

I  took a quarter out of my own wallet to spot a customer once and they didn't come back and give me a $20. I feel cheated.

**u/XAM2175** (1,355 points)

I was expecting "oh, well it didn't matter last time..."

**u/Allineededwasfourlet** (1,011 points)

These are the stories I love to read on this sub

**u/Krimpy36** (599 points)

Was expecting insane manager to fire competent staff over 36¢

**u/ronin1066** (462 points)

Then you might be on the wrong sub

**u/NoSuchAg3ncy** (295 points)

I don't see how his height is relevant to the story.

**u/Edduu** (276 points)

.

**u/darkflash26** (274 points)

i spotted a customer a penny after he went out to his car to come back with exact change,and was short. he kept telling me no. he took 5 minutes, then came back with a penny.

thanks mr.

**u/QueenLexa** (273 points)

What a kind young man. I mean $0.36 is nothing. I've done things like said don't worry about it. I went to buy something the other day and I had small change, I was counting it first I didn't know if I had enough and the woman said to just get as close as I could. As it was I had enough but she was just so nice about it. But for him to come back and do that. It goes to show how much of a difference you made to his day. This is just the sweet kind of story I like to see at this time in the morning.

**u/LibraryDrone** (205 points)

Same has happened to me. A woman was 10¢ short so I said it was fine and that I'd just cover it with my tips since it was on a dime. She came back an hour later and gave me a $10 tip.

**u/jordyGW** (203 points)

I think that tags would spoil an unexpected heartwarming ending though and not have the same effect. But that's just my opinion, it is a good idea :)

**u/YaBoyGvcci** (201 points)

I was expecting him to get yelled by his boss using some explanation saying that if he gave every customer 36 cents that's 100 dollars or something ridiculous

**u/tetrahydrocanada** (196 points)

Especially since it would be more dumb to throw out the ice cream and get nothing from it than to lose $0.36 off the profits

**u/sillygirlsarah** (185 points)

Totally had that happen. My replacement manager I was training since I was going on maternity leave. My god, you think I'd stolen from the till and not just gone and fetched a dollar from my own wallet. Lady came back 20 minutes later with the dollar to repay and hot drinks for everyone. Needless to say I did not recommend that woman for hire.

**u/wOlfLisK** (163 points)

"I'm $20 short, can you take it out of the tip jar? Well you did it last time! So what if it's $20 now and not ¢36? I want to speak to your manager!"

**u/WidowsSon** (160 points)

Even if it was his parents, he now has an example of decency in his mind. He has a better chance at growing up to be conscientious. Lead by example, ya know?

**u/MindAsWell** (147 points)

Totally read the "oh I'm sorry" then saw the reaching into the tip jar" and was like ugh some people... But then...

**u/IWugYouWugHeSheMeWug** (144 points)

I wish customers realized that if you act like a decent human being, the employees will treat you well. Like at the store I worked in, if you showed your membership card for the shopping center, you'd get a percentage off if your total was over a certain amount. We didn't have to physically collect anything or swipe anything, so it was totally untracked. On one occasion, a customer had a $110 purchase with a ton of little things, but she was a couple bucks short on cash. She apologized profusely and asked if I could put her purchase on hold so she could run out to her car and get some more cash, apologizing the whole time. I didn't feel like going through the effort it would take to hold this transaction and didn't want to make her run to the car, so I just entered the coupon and said "ok you have enough cash now."

On the other hand, I once had a customer who was a few bucks short and he said really belligerently "I don't feel like going to my car, help me out man. Is there anything you can do?" "Nope." "Dude, what's your problem?" "You don't have cash."

**u/HlfCntaur** (124 points)

#IceScreamforMorals

**u/Gandalfatron** (121 points)

Similar situation happened with me but vice versa. There's a burger place in Copenhagen called Banana Joe's (little shop but very popular and juicy burgers) and inside there is the large, friendly owner who works there almost every day. I'm on my way to my friends so I order 3 Cheese&amp;Bacons + fries to go. I wait 5 minutes or so and he hands me the bag and I ask him if it's ok that I pay by card (in Copenhagen a lot of stuff is done through cards/mobile pay) but he says I cannot and I offer to quickly pop to the ATM and withdraw money (not that far away). He stops me and says "No no. I want you to enjoy these burgers fresh and warm, stop by tomorrow and pay." 

So there I am somewhat starstruck with what he's saying and ask him if he's sure. He says yes and to enjoy my evening. The next day I take the bus back to his and pay him an extra 10 dollars, he almost refused that too but I insisted. I just hope that other uni students like myself have shown him the same courtesy and not shade the guy.

**u/Shark7996** (116 points)

Maybe we could make some meta tags for heartwarming vs "I hate humanity" type stories?

**u/bippybup** (97 points)

Wait, so you were training her and she had the gall to lecture you? Over your own dollar? What a nut.

**u/CroiSaor** (82 points)

Moral of the story: the more you leave off the customer the more you get. Everytime.
