# A customer comes in 5 minutes before closing...

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/Binarranon  
**Score:** 7,432  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/6m6yht/a_customer_comes_in_5_minutes_before_closing/  

---

As I'm sure you guys are familiar with some customers like to come in right before closing and buy a huge cart of shopping. These people are generally oblivious to the fact they're keeping staff past closing.

So this women runs up to my checkout with a small basket of items and begins apologising for coming in so late. I assure her it's ok. I learn that she used to work retail too and understands the blight of this.

She was incredibly nice the entire time and it only took a minute or two to ring up her stuff. We shared a few laughs about oblivious customers and she again apologised for keeping me.

I looked at the clock and it was only a minute after closing. I wish more customers were this considerate.

---

## Top Comments

**u/IsaapEirias** (1,456 points)

Had a customer do this last night. For us. He would have been fine if he had come in a minute before closing, but he was apologizing constantly for coming in so late. Not his fault really wife called him on his way home and said they needed dog food so he stopped at the first place that had it. He knew what brand and formula he needed and got special treatment as my coworker overheard him and grab it off the shelf for him before he even got halfway through the store and brought it up to the register. Even if he had stayed past closing he would have been fine- since we are scheduled till 30 minutes after closing and it only takes us 10 to do the closing process.

**u/mrmaddness** (872 points)

&gt;we are scheduled till 30 minutes after closing and it only takes us 10 to do the closing process.

I wish more stores understood that. When I worked retail many times we closed at 9 and were only scheduled til 915. Depending on what was left to do, it was really hard to get outta there in 15 minutes.

**u/rabbiferret** (410 points)

As a former store manager I always scheduled twice as much time as the till take to count out.  Not just for the sake of late guests, but because I wanted the shop to open looking like it was new each day.  Everyone understood, but still the last minute folks drove us a bit crazy.

**u/bronyarse** (257 points)

Every. Day. 

I had a woman come in the other day, it was about 5 minutes till close and she was faffing about looking at things and tring stuff on, modeling handbags and shoes and looking through things. 


I approached her to see if she was looking for something specific and she said she was just doing a last minute look through, but she was super sorry and she understood she was keeping me from my dinner and my family... 


Ok, well if you aren't looking for anything, you're just browsing and yes, I've been here 9 hours, I'm hungry, I've had a half an hour break all day to sit and eat and I really really need a cuppa and a cuddle from my loved ones... Why are you here if you know I'm about to close up? 

She bought nothing, just left a pile of shoes on the floor for me to tidy up, closed late, missed my transport, late back, cooked dinner, died on the sofa. 


If you understand how annoying it is lady, why do you continue to do it!

**u/mae1986** (224 points)

At my store we all stay an hour after closing to stock and we can get a lot done. We still get these types of customers but it becomes pretty obvious fairly quickly that they don't belong there any more.

Half the staff changes out of uniform, most of us put in headphones, those that don't start chatting. We all pull out our ladders, knee pads, and pallet jacks for the last of the truck.

There's an unspoken rule of not bothering to walk customers to product after close, putting the large stacks in front of commonly accessed areas etc.

It gives us the best opportunity to explain to customers who complain "Oh, because we closed fifteen minutes ago."

Maybe it's because we're passive aggressive Minnesotans. Maybe this is more common than I realize. Either way, it feels good.

OP, I'm glad you got one of the good ones!

Edit: words

**u/C21H27Cl3N2O3** (165 points)

We had a guy the other night 15 minutes after close knocking on the window, asking us to let him in to get his prescription because he was leaving on a flight before we opened the next morning and really needed it. It turned out we had filled it a week ago and all this time, until 15 minutes after close the night before his flight, it had been sitting here. And that's not an uncommon occurrence, unfortunately. 

If it's something like a kid's antibiotic that was just sent I don't have a problem staying open late for them, but otherwise I keep telling my pharmacists they need to learn how to say no. We always end up having to restart the computer and register, if they're paying cash we have to get a till back in, and if they're paying with a card we have to start the computer that handles the EFT and let it get set up (5-10 minutes), the electronic signatures are down for the night so we have to get a physical signature which has to go with the rest of the signatures from the day which are already put up, and when we open the gate, even just a crack, people think that means they should come and line up because obviously we aren't closed.

**u/desolateconstruct** (152 points)

The meat dept I manage closes at 10.  Our store is open 24/7.

One of my other managers was closing up one night, case wrapped up, lights off, the whole nine.  He comes back from taking the trash out to find a customer helping herself to the service case. She had walked behind the counter and was pulling plastic off steaks with her bare hands rifling through stuff like a racoon in a dumpster.

He was...not pleased.

**u/MachineGunTeacher** (138 points)

Had a guy one time knock on the glass after closing saying he only needed milk. Then he proceeded to get a bunch of other items. When he got to the counter my coworker rang up the milk and told him the total.  Dude says "What about the other items". Coworker says ""you said you were getting milk. So that's what you're going to get". Epic moment. Btw, our boss at the little store I worked at refused to pay us after closing time.

**u/mrmaddness** (136 points)

Unfortunately when I was boss I didn't really have that much say. We only had a certain amount of hours for a while the schedules were automatically generated (we would just fill in the names).

**u/MercuryMadHatter** (116 points)

Not retail, but I ran a pizza store that shut carryout at 11. We weren't in the best place, so I was strict with that rule. I had to stop by one night on my day off to get something, and my AM had people in the carryout and it was like 11:10. I immediately cleared out the carryout. No, you can't order. We're closed inside. No you cannot order from the parking lot and have it delivered, it's a safety concern. I'm so sorry I care about my employees safety more than your hunger. My AM didn't see the harm in it. But the thing is, if one store breaks the rules, people think every store does, and it increases the likelihood of robberies. After that he shut up every night at eleven when he was closing.

**u/MercuryMadHatter** (114 points)

There are a million reasons but it really comes down to one simple fact, your alone. Every store is different, but usually the inside staff are all minors, which means on most nights they have to leave by 9 because of labor laws. Weekends they can stay a little later, but never past carryout close. So your all alone in the store, in the middle of the night, because your driver's are out on runs. Not only is it a bitch to have to take and make twenty orders by yourself, and box them up and give them to customers, you open yourself up to robbery. Once, someone was able to snatch the till because the manager had to go into the walk-in for a food item. Robbers like those times to strike, because your more likely to hand over the money, and their less likely to get caught, if your alone. There was a case of a Popeyes near one of my stores once, where one of the managers was there late doing inventory. Everyone knew that she did. Eventually the wrong person found out, and they robbed her, stabbed her, and she died. 

And if someone robs a driver, or a carryout, and they get away with it, they think "man, multiple stores must stay open past carryout, or all drivers must carry $200 on them. Easy money by robbing them." Which is why all drivers carry no more than $20, and carry-outs lock up at a certain time.

**u/mae1986** (94 points)

The door is locked at 9. These are the people who wander in at 8:59 and shop for half an hour.

**u/RaidRover** (92 points)

I always feel so bad when I end up at a place right before closing. I was on a date and this girl went on and on about a dessert at the restaurant across town so we went over there. I thought they closed at 11 but nope, 10. I was there at 9:55. Not a single customer in the place. The staff was nice but definitely not happy when we first showed up. Told them we just wanted those dessert cupcakes to go and I could see the relief on their face. Waited at the bar, tipped well and headed out. They really were great cupcakes.

**u/sighs__unzips** (79 points)

How can people be so inconsiderate?

**u/D1STURBED36** (76 points)

The average person is fairly stupid.

50% of people are worse then that.

**u/ifyouhaveany** (63 points)

I definitely would've filed a claim for unpaid wages!  That's sooooo illegal.

I'm not sure if it's too late now but it might be worth looking into since you're already gone. I hope you've found something better!

**u/C21H27Cl3N2O3** (61 points)

We close before the rest of the store does, and we're not scheduled later than that (i.e. If we close at 6, we get off at 6). Store management used to yell at people and threaten to write them up if they got any overtime, and since we very rarely close on time, or if we have been busy and need to finish stuff after we close, we were getting yelled at constantly. 

Finally my manager went off on them and told them that they could either leave us alone, let us close the gate in people's faces, or give us enough hours to have a cushion if we're late. They don't threaten to write us up anymore but we still get passive aggressive comments if we get out late.

**u/woofle07** (60 points)

Why don't you just lock the door? Seems a lot easier than having to deal with customers wandering around when you're trying to close

**u/imtheocean** (57 points)

I'm pretty sure male or female, most people hate having to run errands.

**u/rabbiferret** (51 points)

Yeah, that's how most stores function. I was fortunate to have more control, and would always prefer to schedule myself alone for an extra hour minutes to 'pay for' that extra time.

**u/CrazyPieGuy** (47 points)

In the US as an hourly employee, if you have to be on site, they have to pay you.

**u/GaryBuseyWithRabies** (46 points)

I had a client show up after closing after I was locking up my site. He was told multiple times we were closed. He acknowledged that we were closed and even made a joke that, "I'm sure you want to go home".  I'm off the clock and you just took 30 minutes of my time. He did it again the next day and then asked for a discount.

**u/Beemer32** (46 points)

Nah...their argument was that I should be done by closing and if I can't do that then I need to either stay later or leave a note saying what didn't get done and why.  The one time I did leave a note I got written up for it because apparently having 4 customers in the last 30 minutes isn't busy.  When you need to take apart the slicer, clean it, sanitize it, then mop the floor again, it takes time and makes you busy.  I quit for this reason and the manager was let go shortly after I had left.

**u/steffisaurus** (44 points)

What I wouldn't give to be a fly on the wall during that exchange.
