# "No... Not right now."

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/He-Rah  
**Score:** 7,277  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/5m7d89/no_not_right_now/  

---

Lady was talking to a friend of hers while making eye contact with me the whole time, I was on the till. Her friend asked her what she was doing,"I'm discarding what I don't want." She was leaving miscellaneous food items on the Jewelry counter, and then promptly got in my line. I asked her, "Can you bring me those items you just discarded on the Jewelry?" I don't like my store looking like a disaster. She snakily replies, "No... Not right now, I have places to be."(which is a big, fuck no! to me) She places her items on my counter, as I just stand there looking at her. She asks if I'm going to ring her up, I reply, "No... Not right now." I step out from behind the till, walk slowly over to the Jewelry counter and pick up the items in question. I take my time putting them in the returns cart. Nothing else is said for the transaction. 

tl;dr: Don't be a bitch to customer service while drinking your juice in the hood.

---

## Top Comments

**u/chorizobisque** (1,612 points)

If it were me I probably would have ringed her up then daydreamed about the badass way I should have responded. You just responded like a badass. Well done.

**u/gkc07** (1,172 points)

This is awesome. Fuck people who are like **"Not my problem"**

**u/Dercomrade** (858 points)

Asked a guy this one time for ID when he was buying smokes. ID was expired; doesn't count as legal ID here. 

"But it's still me!"

"Sorry man, those are the rules"

"Not my problem..."

Umm... It was the very definition of his problem. Especially as he didn't get his smokes.

**u/M3mph1s** (387 points)

"Not my problem either. Anything else I can help you with?"

**u/ayakokiyomizu** (201 points)

Wha... I always thought that if you do change your mind about buying something, it's always better to hand it to the cashier rather than leaving it in a random place.  Are you telling me I'll get judged for that too?

**u/He-Rah** (198 points)

I never claimed badass. Always someone going to hate on your experience and throw shade.

**u/keystorm** (197 points)

And then would tell everyone the "badass way" I handled the situation.

**u/Kacke0525** (186 points)

Love the TL;DR

**u/like_with_a_cloth** (170 points)

Ugh, I hate this phrase. I work in the pharmacy of a big chain store and I hear someone say this about once every 2 hours. 

"Well ma'am your doctor sent over a brand new drug that is $600 a bottle and your medicaid won't cover it, so we asked them to send a new one but they claim they don't do prior authorizations. There's no generic for this drug, there's no coupons available, and if you want it we'd have to order it anyway. Plus it's about 30 minutes until we close and there's a line of 20 people behind you."

"Not my problem..."

**u/scarletice** (163 points)

As someone who works retail, please give me your unwanted items. If you want to go to the toruble of returning them to their proper place, fantastic! but I much much MUCH prefer having a customer hand me items they have decided against over finding crap laying all over the store.

**u/PlatypusRadipus** (143 points)

My favorite reply to saying your ID is expired was a guy belligerently telling me that his face was not expired, so I had to take the ID.

**u/spazmodium** (137 points)

This is something I'll never understand.  I get customers all the time who will drag product from the farthest reaches of the store, just to hand it to me and tell me they don't want it.  Or bring multiple sizes or colors, decide on some, and then don't want the rest.  Wouldn't it just be easier for them to make that decision 45 seconds earlier and not have to carry excess product around?  

Although, I do appreciate them not hanging things up in random spots on the floor.

**u/Pariahdog119** (137 points)

r/nothingeverhappens

**u/elangomatt** (111 points)

I can only imagine how much crap you must find in the magazine racks at the checkouts! Back when I was working my sentence in retail, we had an incident where someone decided that discarding their package of chicken at in the magazine rack wasn't good enough for them. They actually stuffed the chicken they didn't want into the empty space BEHIND the magazine rack where nobody would see it. We found it a few days later when investigating where the smell of rotting death was coming from.

**u/Bobshayd** (102 points)

But that's a huge part of the reason that IDs expire. His face DOES expire!

**u/Shaydie** (100 points)

I merchandise magazines at various stores. I always find all kinds of stuff stuffed down in the magazine pockets by people in line who decide they don't want it. I don't work there; I have no idea where it goes. I get so fed up, especially when it's meat or something that has become unfrozen and leaked all over the mags. I've started carrying around a shopping basket because there's just so much crap in there.

**u/LeftZer0** (91 points)

&gt;Anyone else who can help you with that?

**u/AlmostButNotQuiteTea** (88 points)

&gt;there's no generic for this drug

Hmmmmm..... I wonder why it's 600$ a bottle?

Man do I love monopolies

**u/ayakokiyomizu** (83 points)

Unless I'm actually in the checkout line, I usually do put it back where I found it.  When you're in the line though, it's kind of hard to leave.  I mean, it rarely ever happens to me that I change my mind about something then, but I didn't think it would be a bad thing to give it to the cashier.

This is maybe my public library experience speaking as well.  They ALWAYS prefer that if you decide you don't want a book, that you put it on the return cart rather than putting it back yourself.  That's a good way for books to get lost in the shelves forever.

**u/sigharewedoneyet** (79 points)

"Let's not and say we did." That saying grates on my nerves and diminishes my respect for you also.

**u/nemaihne** (73 points)

Because many people look enough alike that an expired ID can be passed on to someone else with or without the original owner's knowledge.

**u/kilot1k** (68 points)

Yeah that's why I loved working as a manager in a retail pharmacy. When we had patients like this I had no problem telling them that their request for a prescription to be filled today won't happen. I let them know I can hang onto your scripts and call for a prior authorization in the morning, or you could go to a 24 hour pharmacy. Seriously most scripts on government assistance require PAs and they should know that.

**u/He-Rah** (67 points)

I'd just won the store's custom service award for the previous month. So.. not this time..

**u/ThermTwo** (61 points)

No... Not right now.
