# You can't have the leftover change.

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/Gashusk28  
**Score:** 7,275  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/7olfvl/you_cant_have_the_leftover_change/  

---

Customer came in attempted multiple times to purchase gas this morning and his 3 cards were all declined, I was in a good mood won 200$ on last night's mega millions. So I figured I'd spot him 20$ for gas. He then goes to the pump, pumps 5$ and comes back inside to demand change.

C: change from pump 3 please.

Me: What?

C: change from pump 3 I only pumped 5$s.

Me: I offered you 20$ in gas l, wasn't planning on giving you change.

C: let me speak to ****ing a manager.

Me: manager is here mon-friday 5am to 8pm.

C: give me his number.

Me: sorry, but the company doesn't provide work phones so I can't give out his personal number.

C: where's your Corporate number?(now yelling)

Me: outside on the door.

Fast forward two hours, cops show up.
Cop tells me someone said there was a cashier here that was refusing to return people's change. I explain to the officer that I used my own money to help someone out but  wasn't about to give them my change from the pump for gas I paid for. Officer asked to see the tapes so I call up the manager, irritated he comes in on day off. About 20-30min pass manager arrives and shows officer the tapes they come out of back office the officer apologized to the manager and left. Manager then tells me that if the guy came back to the store refuse sale and tell him he's banned from the store.

Guess it doesn't pay to be nice.

---

## Top Comments

**u/literally_hitner** (2,824 points)

No good deed goes unpunished, I suppose.

He's the kind of guy who would try to order more food if you said you were picking up a restaurant tab.

**u/QuantumLeapofFaith** (1,729 points)

So not only does he demand your money but then actually spends 2 hours to wait for the cops to get at most $15 that isn't even his? I wanna see what a person like that does with the rest of his day, I can't even begin to understand that person's thinking process.

**u/aikenator** (879 points)

In that case change my order from a side salad to filet mignon and lobster and a side salad

**u/Gashusk28** (817 points)

After he appeared to grab corporate's # he left. I'm assuming it was him that called the cops, could have been another customer that walked in during him demanding the change. Not 100% sure.

**u/Boro_jayhawk** (594 points)

Wow that is a horrible person. It’s hard to believe people like this exist.

**u/cherry_rain** (570 points)

Get a retail job. It won't take long before it's not hard to believe at all.

**u/SunnyShadows1958** (531 points)

I had a lady come into my shoe store crying. She explained that she was going to kill herself because she didn't have any good shoes and CPS wasn't going to give her child back because of this. I had recently lost someone to suicide so I was emotional and told her to pick some shoes out and I'll buy them for her. Of course she picks out the most expensive shoes in the store and is immediately fine with no more tears or suicidal thoughts.... she came back a week later telling me she also wants me to buy her the same shoes in a different color. Skrew you, tweaker lady.

**u/periperry01** (509 points)

At a cafe I once worked at, we had a homeless couple coming up to the tables asking for money. One of the owners happened to be sitting at a table with his family and offered to make them both a takeaway meal and coffee on the house. They take the food and go.

A couple hours later, the wife comes in going off at us over how 'disgusting' the food was and that she had to throw it out (no bringing it back to show us what was wrong with it of course), demanding a refund AND a replacement meal.

Unfortunately that has really tarnished my idea of helping out people in need. I know this is a minority case but to have someone throw it back in your face like that does change the way you look at future situations.

**u/physicsty** (450 points)

I hope the police charged this guy with a false police report. Pretty sizable fine for wasting an officer's time.

**u/Gashusk28** (429 points)

Had a lady 2 years ago that needed $20 in gas because she forgot her purse. Wasn't expecting to get paid back because first time I ever saw her then two weeks later manager hands me a letter with $50 in it with a thankful note. Never expecting to be repaid but it's nice when it happens.

**u/boroq** (416 points)

Server: It already comes with lobster. 

Stanley: Not enough lobster. Side order!

**u/lovelyannie** (398 points)

I occasionally have someone who’s a few cents short on change, so someone behind them hands forward a $5 bill or something. I always hand the extra change back to the person who lent the money.

One time a guy said to me, “what are you doing? That’s mine!” And I said “actually, sir, this woman handed me a 10 dollar bill to cover the 50 cents you were short. That makes the extra $9.50 hers, since you ran out of money.”

He wasn’t too happy.

**u/becausefrog** (353 points)

FYI CPS won't take your child away because you don't have good enough shoes. If you spend all of your money on crack so your CHILD has no shoes or clothes or food, that's when they take your kid.

**u/ReactsWithWords** (317 points)

&gt; I can't even begin to understand that person's thinking process.

He probably thinks of himself as not smart, but genius.  A very stable genius at that.

**u/Gyoin** (301 points)

Had a friend like that. Took him out for his birthday and said it was on me. Purposely chose the highest cost beer and extra food to take home. We don’t hang out anymore.

**u/Iloveicecream2222** (295 points)

No good deed goes unpunished! 

Something is wrong with that guy. Someone does you a favor, and now they owe you their money that they didn’t even have to offer in the first place. It’s people like this guy who fuck it up for people who really do need help and would appreciate it.

**u/Infini-Bus** (212 points)

"Let's go out for lunch, my treat"

"No thanks, I'll just take cash."

**u/iwantchumsticks** (203 points)

Wait, a refund? But they got it for free!

**u/Bobthemime** (192 points)

Last time i said I'd pick up the tab, the guy walks to the bar to "square it off" and orders $100 worth of stuff to go.

Only time I have dined and dashed. (Well I paid the waiter the $40 my meal was and ~25% tip).  Saw that guy maybe 2 montsh later and he tried to call the cops on me.  They just laughed at him.

**u/SunnyShadows1958** (181 points)

The loss of my friend was so new i was just too emotional and there was no logic during this interaction. As soon as she left I realized how swindled I was.

**u/Defnotaneckbeard** (175 points)

I really can't imagine that a different customer called the police without speaking up at the time in some way.

**u/tannerpending2113** (163 points)

Most people like to do nice things for people.

**u/GashSplitter** (159 points)

Absolutely. Many customers are pleasant, but there’s always a few passive-aggressive fucking weirdos. Working retail makes me hate humanity.

**u/Gashusk28** (152 points)

If ya end up being a customer in need and I haven't reached my 50$ monthly limit(personal limit since that's all I can spare, it's also my fun money since gotta have fun in life ya know?) of spending own money to help others and buy military drink/food since store doesn't give freebies.

**u/AliceInGainzz** (150 points)

In retrospect, I realise now that I sound like a massive arsehole. Sorry.
