# "You have an employee here that SMOKES and TEXTS."

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/empathybox  
**Score:** 7,209  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/70pels/you_have_an_employee_here_that_smokes_and_texts/  

---

I work at a pet store, primarily responsible for maintaining/caring for our fish selection, birds, reptiles, small animals, and the like. Sometimes I sell them to folks who actually have a clue about owning an animal. This happened yesterday.

I'm on a long 9-hour shift and having a smoke break outside of the shop. There's a long sidewalk, and I always smoke far away from the doors as we're a heavy traffic location and kids/animals are always coming in and out. I finish up and head back inside, where I'm immediately flagged by a family looking for a cat scratcher. The particular one they want is missing its tag and I can't find its location in its aisle, so I take out my phone and hang with the family, showing them our online prices, which we'll honor for them. They get the scratcher, hours go by, and at closing a cashier buddy comes up to me and tells me about this woman who was raving to her a while ago.

Cashier friend: She was going on and on about how 'there's an employee that smokes--SHE WORKS IN A PET STORE--and TEXTS! She should be spoken to or fired!' I just sort of shrugged.

Me: So, she meant me. Nice.

Manager friend is now walking by.

Me: Hey, (manager), I need to be fired. I was smoking directly into the animal habitats while snapchatting their purple faces as they shrieked and suffocated. Expect the corporate complaint any second now.

Manager friend: Oh damn. Yeah, you're screwed.

And then I went home, twirling my mustache, the most evil pet department worker ever.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Michele_in_Cali** (3,014 points)

"Manager friend: Oh damn. Yeah, you're screwed."

Welp, you have been Spoken To. Bitch should be satisfied now.

**u/hallyujunkie** (1,811 points)

You smoke and text, what's next??

Eating? Sleeping?

**u/cATSup24** (1,160 points)

Worse: clocking out every day. EVERY SINGLE ONE.

**u/Combsy13** (485 points)

Time where they're not working? Now this is unacceptable.

**u/Thoctar** (340 points)

Retail seems to have a much higher prevalence of smoking from what I've seen. When I went to training for my electronics store with a bunch of employees from other shops, the breaks all had most of the employees leaving to go outside to smoke.

**u/CleoVIIISelene** (320 points)

Smoking rates correlate negatively with income. Retail is a lower-income job. In other words, poorer people are more likely to work retail and more likely to smoke. So even if working retail doesn't lead to smoking (or vice versa), smoking and working retail have a common factor.


Source: Actually ran the data on income and smoking as an economics undergrad to confirm that what studies I read held true in my area.

**u/GiggleButts** (208 points)

And probably gorging on AVOCADO TOAST and buying an IPHONE instead of healthcare.

**u/alixnaveh** (187 points)

I worked at a pizza store that had some stray cats out back, and the most kick ass manager ever (EVER.) and the people who didn't smoke were allowed to take two "cat breaks" each shift. Morale skyrocketed.

**u/CapitanChicken** (182 points)

Also, more easily excusable break, and more of them as well.

Source: was only one of 6 employees at a pizza store who didn't smoke. I got dinner a dinner break, they got dinner break, and like 10 smoke breaks.

**u/biladi79** (181 points)

How the fuck else do we deal with customers

**u/RoyalYoshi** (159 points)

It's okay everyone that works at the drugstore I do smokes. 

They're always crabby, and yell at eachother all the time, causing a positive feedback loop, and a lot of storming out to "have a cigarette"

**u/timmyisme22** (147 points)

Come now. That's the percieved horror.

The real horror is finding out they SHOP at the same grocery store as you... and DON'T have to help you, a customer! The gall!!!

**u/Error404FUBAR** (82 points)

Are you sure you don't have any in the back?

**u/Combsy13** (80 points)

Thanks. Nothing worth a full post about but some of the stuff people ask for is ridiculous. Like no you're not going to find large appliances in a store that sells everything for $1 lol

**u/hwf0712** (78 points)

Though, I do hope you quit smoking.

**u/Thoctar** (72 points)

Poor eating and drinking on your off days was the other option at my store. Or that one guy who is just blindly optimistic and cheery all the time.

**u/cATSup24** (71 points)

You mean like /r/idontworkherelady?

**u/firefae83** (61 points)

I like your flair :)

**u/09Klr650** (59 points)

Bathroom breaks.

**u/techiejames** (58 points)

I've had a customer complain I was using the same bathroom as the customers, and I need to be told to use the Employee Bathroom in The Back. I wish I could have seen his face when he was told we don't have an Employee Bathroom.

**u/aspen_silence** (58 points)

Reminds me of the time a lady got pissed because I didn't immediately acknowledge her presence while dealing with another customers complicated issue. She complained to my manager who said she'd talk me but lady wasn't happy with that. When my manager told me she said "I have don't know what she wanted me to do short of punching you in the face for being busy." 

Customers are great...

**u/kill_the_queen** (58 points)

Smoking AND texting? Get this person a promotion their talents are wasted just on cashier.

**u/Chaseman69** (56 points)

Fuck that guy

**u/d3v01d23** (56 points)

That's all well and good, but...

&gt; I work at a pet store, primarily responsible for maintaining/caring for our fish selection, birds, reptiles, small animals, and the like. Sometimes I sell them to folks who actually have a clue about owning an animal. This happened yesterday.


I kinda want to know more about the folks yesterday who actually had a clue about owning an animal, please.

**u/Iplaynakeder** (55 points)

The employee used the bathroom LIKE PEOPLE!?!
