# The best phone call I had all day

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/squid_iddly  
**Score:** 7,035  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/6yd34e/the_best_phone_call_i_had_all_day/  

---

I work in a shoe store as an assistant manager. I carry a store phone on me so I can answer it wherever I am in the store. Today the phone would not stop ringing. People wanted to know what time we closed, where we were located, and a ton of shoe checks. 

So the phone rings and I answer it and it sounds like a little kid. K will be kid. 

K: umm hello do you carry all black high top vans for kids?

Me: let me check for you really quick. I'm sorry, we only have the low top vans in all black for kids. 

K: okay well I like those too. 

Me: what size shoe do you wear?

K: one and a half

Me: okay so I don't have a one and a half but I do have a size two. 

K: okay that sounds good. 

Me: would you like me to hold it for you?

K: yes please

Me: okay, what is your name?

*the phone got really quiet like he was hesitating, then I heard someone in the background, it was his mom*

Mom: give her your name!

K: Tyler. 

Me: okay Tyler, I'm going to hold this shoe for you. So when you and your mom come in, just come up to the counter and tell us you have a shoe on hold under your name. 

K: okay thank you. Have a nice day. 

Me: absolutely. You have a nice day too. 

It was the most wholesome phone call I have ever experienced in my four years of retail. I love that his mom had him call and ask about his shoes. Today was a good day ❤️

Edit: I didn't think you guys were going to like my good day as much as you did! Thank you for the gold! I forgot to tell you guys the best part. He even made sure to ask where we were located. He said it just like that too, "where are you located?" I'm happy Tyler could make you all as happy as he made me.

---

## Top Comments

**u/say10unicorn** (2,453 points)

That's so sweet. Sounds like the mom is teaching independence along with manners. A+

**u/FullmtlHerbit** (755 points)

That's what I was going to say! If my five year old buys a toy with "chore money" (he swiffers our living room) he has to pay the cashier and get his change.

**u/Zombiehype** (725 points)

I'm 37 and this kid handled the call better than I would have.

you: "I'm sorry, we only have the low top vans in all black"

me since I didn't rehearse this unexpected turn of events in advance: "uhhh... ok bye then"

30 seconds after hanging up: "uh fuck I could have bought those"

**u/ragbagger** (510 points)

That's cute. Whenever a kid is using their chore money or birthday money with me I always try extra hard to reinforce whatever their parent is teaching by counting change back very deliberately etc

**u/FullmtlHerbit** (346 points)

That's awesome! So far all of the cashiers have done the same thing. It makes him happy and I can tell that the cashiers are tickled to have a five year old pay for his own Transformer. lol

**u/Quick-iNeedYourHelp** (247 points)

&gt;K: okay well I like those too.

This was wholesome for some reason even though the shoes don't have feelings.

**u/rockymountainoysters** (222 points)

Kids go along with *anything* though.

"I'm sorry we don't have those shoes but we *do* have a sale on Drakkar Noir, would you like to reserve a bottle?"

"Ok.  ^^^Mom ^^^what's ^^^Rokar ^^^Wire?"

**u/IUpvoteUsernames** (187 points)

I love it when I get those exceedingly rare kids!

Sadly, 99% of the kids I see are complaining that their parent won't buy them another fidget spinner even though "they already have hundreds" according to their parent **ಠ_ಠ**

The kids like in OP's story are too few and far between to soften my stressing whenever I see a kid in the store. ^(why are they so annoying)

**u/isobane** (110 points)

My son was with me at a family reunion this weekend.   Now I'll mention two things. First he has around 4000 cousins on both mine and my wife's side of the family. This reunion was my mom's family who all live out of state so he doesn't know any of them.

I didn't witness this but my uncle made a point to come find me to tell me this story.

So my son walks up to the kitchen table where trio of his cousins are sitting and extends his hand, "Hello, my name is "*William*" but I like to be called "*Bill*". What's your name?"

My uncle was blown away by his manners and his ability to talk to new people without being shy. I told him that when we're in public settings, if we need to ask someone something I have "*Bill*" do it.

**u/FullmtlHerbit** (87 points)

I know the feeling. 85% of kids are little monsters. lol. Mine can be, if we don't stuff him full of food before we go out. 

Every time I see a kid having a meltdown in public I am so happy that mine is out of that stage. He learned pretty quick that we will put our stuff back up and just go home.

**u/CunningAndConfused** (81 points)

Things like this are what make the rest of it worth it.

**u/Myotherdumbname** (74 points)

Awesome!  For a frame of reference, he was probably around 6 years old if he's wearing a size 2.

**u/IUpvoteUsernames** (72 points)

What really gets to me is when the parents ignore their children completely because it's our job to watch their kid or something? All the while the kid(s) are just wandering around screwing with stuff on shelves. -_-

**u/Talory09** (63 points)

Unless it's a busy Saturday, there are 15 people in line behind you, and the child has never tried to pay before. Coach him first that he'll be told an amount and that he'll need to give the money to the cashier when she tells him. Don't give him anxiety about it but let him know how the procedure goes - he may never have focused on it before because it didn't pertain to him. Even better, coach him first then let him focus on the act a time or two, then let him pay on a slow Monday night when you're not holding up a line. He'll be less stressed that way.

**u/TracieV42** (62 points)

I love that he paused at the name. He knows he's not supposed to give his name to strangers. Two thumbs up for his mom.

**u/FullmtlHerbit** (58 points)

That drives me nuts, too. My kid would never think to run around and destroy property or cause general mischief. He knows that he would no longer get to play Minecraft and that's a HUGE deal, apparently. lol

**u/song_pond** (56 points)

Hahaha I nanny a 3 year old and he is NOT that flexible. I could picture him in this scenario just repeating what he wants over and over until someone took the phone from him, apologized, and hung up.

But still, he's not old enough to make real phone calls so maybe we'll be able to train that out of him by then.

**u/Xeno_Prism_Power** (47 points)

Thank you for the sweet story! It's awesome the mom is helping him do things for himself, and she's doing a great job!

**u/robertr4836** (45 points)

Lister: Sometimes, I think it's cruel giving machines a personality. My mate Petersen once bought a pair of shoes with Artificial Intelligence. 'Smart Shoes' they were called. It was a neat idea: no matter how blind drunk you were, they could always get you home. But he got ratted one night in Oslo and woke up the next morning in Burma. You see, the shoes got bored just going from his local to the flat. They wanted to see the world, like, you know. He had a hell of a job getting rid of them. No matter who he sold them to, they'd show up again the next day. He tried to shut them out, but they just kicked the door down, you know.

Rimmer: Is this true?

Lister: Yeah. Last thing he heard, they'd sort of, erm, robbed a car and drove it into a canal. They couldn't steer, you see.

Rimmer: Really?

Lister: Yeah. Petersen was really, really blown away about it. He went to see a priest. The priest told him... he said it was alright and all that, like, and that the shoes were happy and that they'd gone to heaven. You see, it turns out shoes have 'soles'.

Rimmer: Ah, what a sad, sad story. Wait a minute.

[Thinks for a minute]

Rimmer: How did they open the car door?

**u/say10unicorn** (40 points)

I've noticed my son is more careful with his money. He checks his change and such. My daughter on the other hand... she's more trusting. Still trying to instill that it's always better to check your change. Mistakes happen.

**u/Meecht** (40 points)

Maybe not just manners.  Growing up, I was told never to tell my name to strangers, so the kid might have been more like, "Is it OK for me to tell the lady my name?"

**u/joshi38** (38 points)

I hope not, my shoes eat my feet everyday, would hate to think they were somewhat sentient.

**u/brandnamenerd** (38 points)

One time I called a customer about picking up a computer repair.

I spent a lot of time on the phone. It sounded like Grandma may have had dementia and wasn't quite grasping what I was saying, but I also didn't want to just hang up the phone. I felt trapped and terrible.

Afte a while, this woman takes the phone call over and lets me know that her toddler son was actually talking to me on the phone. I was so embarrassed and had already gathered a crowd of coworkers watching me patiently navigate the conversation with ... a toddler.

**u/JustAWeirdPlayer** (34 points)

It's a different size scale I wore 1s at both 1 yr old and 10 yr old

**u/Arkitos** (32 points)

That instant regret man :(
