# I made a man cry in the printer aisle today

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/JarDe-  
**Score:** 6,965  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/85hspd/i_made_a_man_cry_in_the_printer_aisle_today/  

---

I work in a technology retailer as a technology sales associate, and have a plethora of stories about people being tech-illiterate. This is not one of them. (Apologies if my story telling sucks, not much of a writer)

Today, a man who earlier today bought ink for his inkjet printer, was looking for laser printer alternative. I went up to him and asked what he was looking for, in hopes of finding the best possible printer for him. After roughly 10-15 mintues of friendly back-and-forth, we pick-out a few that would work perfectly for him. I assumed this new printer isn't a top priority considering he'd bought ink earlier. Since none of our printers were on sale, I told him I'd write down some dates the printers will most likely be going on sale on.

He looked pretty happy about that and thanked me.

I proceeded to write down all the printers we decided would work for him, every possible sale day in the next month, prices of toner, and what each of the important notes were for each printer.

I go to hand him my note, and he's wiping tears off his face.

&gt;**Me**: Are you alright, Sir?

&gt;**Him**: Yeah, *wipes his face*, I just haven't felt cared for very much recently... I went in for surgery earlier this month, and nobody so much as gave me a phone call. Thank you for spending this time with me today, I appreciate it.

I took my break right after that because I was about to start tearing up too.

---

## Top Comments

**u/towell420** (1,410 points)

It’s amazing in our current society how people such as yourself doing something as simple as your job as good as you can will impart that huge of an impact on someone’s life. Amazing. Congrats.

**u/CPTSDPTSD** (812 points)

Wow, this brought tears to my eyes. It was so nice of you to be so caring and attentive. I wonder why most people can't just be nice.

**u/njdiver** (767 points)

Yeah I don't get why people have to be mean all the time. I'm a police officer and when I was on training (riding with a senior officer) and would make motor vehicle stops, my trainer would always argue and lecture the people for minor violations. They would always get angry at us because of the way he would treat them and they'd end up fighting the summons in court. Now that I'm riding solo, I still issue tickets, but 99% of the time the conversation goes very smooth and it ends with them smiling, and me small-talking with them about life. There is a way to treat people and that is with kindness. I've seem so many cops close to retirement who are so salty and hate everyone because at some point during their career they gave up on caring about people and end up with the "fuck the world" mentality.

 I know this story is not retail related, but I worked retail for 10 years before landing this career, and I really believe those 10 years shaped the way I talk to people and it worked. 

Be nice to someone today.

**u/Omnesquidem** (307 points)

I try every time I go outside of the house to put a smile on someones face.  You never know when a random act of kindness can turn someones day and maybe life around.

**u/MerryMisanthrope** (281 points)

It also helps if you're having a lousy day yourself. 

"Well. My fucking day is fucked. Maybe I can make someone else's day a little less fucked."

My inner dialogue isn't creative.

**u/Pardoism** (213 points)

&gt;Now that I'm riding solo, I still issue tickets, but 99% of the time the conversation goes very smooth and it ends with them smiling, and me small-talking with them about life. There is a way to treat people and that is with kindness. 

If I had the money to give you gold, I would. 

People like you are the reason I still believe in this hunk of junk we call the human race. Good on ya, mate.

**u/Kouyate42** (147 points)

This happened in my store. A lady and her daughter came in about 3 days before Christmas and shopped with us, having a good time and asking the help of a few staff. Nothing too out of the ordinary. A week later, we get a letter from head office- the lady had written in basically singing our stores praises from the rooftops. We found out from the letter it was the lady's first Christmas without her husband who'd died of cancer a couple of months prior. She was basically lost without her husband by her side, but our store's staff's helpfulness and kindness meant the world to her and proved to be the boost she needed.

**u/mehrune123** (127 points)

I thought this would go in a completely different direction before clicking... glass half empty I guess.

**u/SJ_RED** (117 points)

No and FUCK YOU FOR ASKING.

**u/Kouyate42** (114 points)

You reminded me of a man who comes into our place regularly and I've likely told this before but it seems relevant here. Initially when he first started coming in, nobody liked dealing with him because he was often quite blunt, abrupt and could even be a little rude. However we persevered, giving him the same high customer service as anyone else. Eventually you saw him change into an almost entirely different person altogether- he now jokes and chats with staff, knows most of us by name and asks us any little questions he has. 

It was only over a long time we found out the reasons behind the whole thing- his wife, who was the one who did all the house-related stuff including decorating and buying all the kitchen stuff, had died suddenly of a brain aneurysm, making him a widower. Suddenly he was having to decide on things he essentially didn't know anything about in any real detail and he was frustrated as well as coming to terms with the death. Coming to us, he realised he could ask for help and we essentially taught him what he needed to know about curtains, bedding, cookware and the like too.

**u/dog_hair_dinner** (104 points)

I thought police training 101 was to not escalate situations and to de-escalate if the situation has already escalated or started off intense.

wouldn't initiating a conversation in a rude/confrontational manner be escalating right off the bat?

**u/TheCharalampos** (101 points)

Ah dang. Kudos on being so attentive.

**u/Omnesquidem** (89 points)

Because they think if they act all 'hard' all of the time they can't be hurt.  I used to be that way.  I learned though that it may be harder to lifts someone up than tear them down it's way more rewarding.

**u/Raveynfyre** (84 points)

You really see this a lot at Disney (we went to WDW Magic Kingdom Saturday), I know it's part of their handbook and it's essentially mandatory for employees to "go over and above" for their guests, but it makes the entire experience there just that much more special. 

One employee saw how flushed I was from exertion and the heat (yes, I melt at anything over ~80F, which makes me a bad Floridian), and handed me an ice cold bottle of water "From Mickey" because she was so concerned for me. ^(Explanation) WD employees get a daily "allowance" that they can "spend" on things in the park to help guests out, (so it did **not** come out of her personal money) if they feel it's necessary to rectify whatever issue/ make someone's day, etc.

I could have paid for it myself, but her effort to make me feel better was also (essentially) good PR. It's stupid to feel special like that over a bottle of water, but it makes you feel genuinely cared for in a small (*and good*) way.

**u/King_Brutus** (83 points)

STOP RESISTING

**u/angel_of_small_death** (64 points)

Hey, thanks for making that effort. Police interaction is stressful for most of us, I appreciate that there are some officers who understand that. Best to you in your career, and I hope you keep that attitude.

**u/CPTSDPTSD** (58 points)

I think most of fail to realize that everyone has problems. We get so caught up in our own dramas that we forget that others suffer in this life, too. A kind word can make all the difference for the better, while an unkind one can seriously hurt a person.

**u/Toirneach** (53 points)

(queue Forrest Gump voice) My Mama taught me the fastest way to feel better is to make someone else feel better.

**u/WhiskyKitten** (53 points)

You sound like a really good sales person..and a very nice human being too! Keep on being you..we need more of you in this world!

**u/meggied90** (43 points)

You remind me of a cop I met one time! I was speeding and he pulled me over. Just so happened it was on my way home from a Halloween party, and when he walked up to my vehicle to talk to me he couldn't hold himself back and burst out laughing once he saw he had just pulled over Velma from Scooby Doo. After a few more bantered words, he reduced my ticket to failure to obey a sign. Nicest cop I've ever met!

**u/JarDe-** (39 points)

I like to see myself as an educator haha. I love teaching people and letting them decide which device they'd prefer after knowing all the details

**u/CPTSDPTSD** (39 points)

As Alfred Nobel said, "I am a misanthrope, yet exceedingly benevolent..." That's me. I actually like being nice and making people feel good, even if I have a general dislike for humanity.

**u/wtfraccoons** (36 points)

Something similar happened to me at work a few months ago. I work in the bakery department of a grocery store. A man came up to the counter and said he wanted to place a cake order, no problem. It's obviously pretty standard to try to take the most detailed order so it turns out as close to what they're picturing they want as possible. He wasn't very particular. Just wanted something pretty for his wife. So I start making suggestions. Color schemes, flowers or balloons, single layer or double, what sort of thing does she like?

The guy started tearing up. At first I wasn't sure what his problem was because he was trying to hide it. Then he starts talking. and then the waterworks start. He says to me "so many people don't take the time to really help their customers. don't think you don't make a difference. because of the people like you I'm going to be able to get my wife a beautiful cake that she'll love. you matter. the work you do here matters. we need people like you."

not verbatim but close. either way it was very strange to me. i still think his reaction may have been stemming from something problematic in his life, but working in retail you're used to the exact opposite scenario. he asked for my name so he could tell the managers how appreciative he was. of course, nothing ever came of it. not like i care because i know i do my job well, and every retail job ive had ive been under appreciated so it's nothing new. but i do appreciate when im not looked down upon for working retail.

**u/althyastar** (35 points)

Reminds me of a regular at my old job. She used to be a real mean lady, and I'm sure she still is sometimes, but after years of "killing her with kindness" as my coworker would say, she became just the nicest person. Still gruff and short, but much nicer. Always gave me hope when I dealt with mean customers from then on, thinking that I can only give them my best and hope that they give me their best.

**u/Hohohoju** (35 points)

Small things can make a big difference. Good on you
