# We closed several hours ago, but customer muscled their way through the front doors to be served.

**Sub:** r/TalesFromRetail  
**Author:** u/CSS-Farsight  
**Score:** 6,933  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/8bfidz/we_closed_several_hours_ago_but_customer_muscled/  

---

This was originally going to be a reply to the [We’re Not Open Yet Lady](https://www.reddit.com/r/TalesFromRetail/comments/8b0f7v/were_not_open_yet_lady/) post, but it's enough of it's own story that I decided to submit it here instead.

We had something similar happen at our store a few years back.  Our store was opening up a new department, and some of the day staff had been called in to help the night staff fill the shelves for tomorrows big opening.

There was quite a lot of night staff raucously running around throughout the store, and a small handful of day staff cloistered in the new department, shuffling around dead eyed and slack-jawed like they were auditioning for the next season of The Walking Dead.

I was at the new departments computer going over the new stock, when I see someone approaching from the foreground, I look up expecting to see a staff member, but instead I see a very heavily pregnant woman slowly waddling up to the counter.  This woman is in utter shambles, her hair is disheveled, her drooping eyes are sunken and engulfed in deep dark circles, shes wearing pink pajamas complete with fluffy pink slippers, contrasted heavily by what is surely a contender for the most badass leather jacket I've ever seen.  That thing had chains coming off of it's chains it was so badass.

It took her the better part of a minute to walk down the aisle and up to the counter, during that time my mind was racing.  How did she get into the store, and how did she get this far into it without being stopped by anyone, this was not someone who would casually escape notice.  Anyway, she gets up to counter and we converse.

Tired rundown pregnant lady will be TRL, while my very tired self will be Me.  Also, all of TRL's speech isn't much louder than a soft whisper.

&gt;Me: (Baffled and bewildered) Hey...

&gt;TRL: (After catching there breath, looks up and smiles weakly) Hey...

&gt;Me: How did you get into the store, we're actually closed right now.

&gt;TRL: The front door was open.

(We had examined security footage the day after to see how she got in, and sure enough, the heavy automatic doors were open by about half an inch, and despite her condition, after several laborious minutes she had somehow found the strength needed to muscle the doors open wide enough to squeeze through.)

&gt;Me: I see... Well... We're still closed, so...

&gt;TRL: I was told that you can still operate the cashier.  (She meant register, but she said cashier.)

&gt;Me: (Even more baffled and bewildered) Who told you this?

&gt;TRL: (Looking over towards the direction of the entrance) They said that the cashiers were locked, but that you had a card that could open it.

(Instinctively, I reached down to my belt for the admin control card and rested my hand on it for a moment.)

&gt;Me: Yes...  My card can override the system...  However, all the money has already been counted from the *cashier* registers...

&gt;TRL: Oh...  I see...  Hm...  What...  What if I paid by card, that would work, right?

&gt;Me:  That would work, but we're...  (deep inhale and exhale)  Closed, but I suppose, you've already come this far...  Okay then, sure, lets do this.

&gt;TRL: Ah...  Thank you.  This is greatly appreciated.  (Turns around and starts waddling off)

&gt;Me: Wait.  This register isn't operational yet.  Once you have your items, take them to the register at the front, the one closest to the exit, I'll be there.

&gt;TRL: (Smiles, and then nods)

So she waddles off, a great deal faster than she had arrived, as if possessed of newfound purpose.  Meanwhile, I shook off some of the nights zombification, and I slowly shuffled my way to front of the store.  After about 10 minutes later, I saw her waddling into view and towards the counter.  She was carrying her single item in both hands, and with great care, reverently placed it atop the counter.  When I finally got a good look at the item and my mind registered what it was, my heart almost broke in two.

It was Infant Cough Syrup.  Suddenly, there was a moment of pure clarity where everything just made sense, and sure enough, after TRL paid for her item, thanked me once again, and left, I spoke to my coworkers who all confirmed the conclusion I'd already reached.  TRL ran into several staff all of whom confronted her, but none of whom could bring themselves to turn her away once her purpose was revealed.  The night staff were the first to intercept TRL, all of whom apologized profusely that they couldn't help, but directed her towards their team leader who might.  The team leader then directed TRL towards the new department where there were day staff.  (I asked what they would've done if it were any other night, and they said that they would've just given TRL the item)  Once TRL reached the new department, the day staff confronted TRL, and directed them towards me, and a few even mentioned my admin card, and that she would most assuredly get served.  TRL had tried several petrol stations before she'd arrived at our retail park, desperation had brought her, and one way or another she was going to leave the retail park with what she came for.

Edit: I honestly expected a negative reaction to this post, rather than this overwhelmingly positive one, with so many heartwarming comments that make my tear ducts swell up reading them. There's also lot of you calling me a "hero" in the comments, and I feel obliged to tell you about two people who I feel are more deserving of the title than myself, but were left out of the original story as I didn't want them to be the target of negative comments.

The first worthy hero was the elderly downstairs neighbor who despite the late hour had agreed to watch over TRL's sleeping toddler and sick infant while TRL went out to get the medicine. Even though she has now passed away, I feel that that they are at least deserving of a great deal of posthumous respect.

The second worthy hero is the taxi driver who had been driving TRL around that night. After the second visited petrol station proved fruitless, they turned off the meter at it's current price, and then later at the end of the night when they took TRL home with the medicine, voided the entire fare, and wished her infant child their absolute and sincerest best.

The first took time out of their night despite the great age and frail health, and the other took a major personal financial hit to hasten TRL's way. These two are the ones I feel a more deserving of praise than I.

---

## Top Comments

**u/emax4** (2,948 points)

I saw the title and thought, "Aw hell no!" but read the entire story.

Suddenly I realize I need to be more empathetic of other people's situations.

Good job!

**u/Owlettehoo** (935 points)

Oh gosh that made me cry. I can't even imagine being in that woman's situation. "I'm tired as hell but my baby's sick and I'll be *damned* if I go home empty handed." You probably made her whole world.

**u/marjuka** (723 points)

You helped her not even knowing what she wanted to buy and you turned out a hero.

**u/CSS-Farsight** (703 points)

Yeah I kind of went for a benign bait-and-switch title since the post had been written without a title in mind, and with the knowledge that there would be a serious plot twist towards the end.

The amount of karma this post generated has me feeling awestruck, it's like 5x the karma of my entire account.  I was actually expecting and prepping myself to come back to a lot of down votes, and a similar amount of harsh criticism centered around refusing her service.

I am glad that the post was well received, that even tales that don't vilify customers can still be embraced by the community.

**u/Beezneez86** (647 points)

The other lesson to be learned here is that she didn’t come in and rudely demand to be served or anything like that; despite the fact that she was probably right on the edge of a complete meltdown. 
She knew that her best chance of getting what she needed she would have to treat the staff with some respect.

**u/moofthestoof** (517 points)

I’ve been “young-dad-sent-out-in-the-wee-hours-to-find-fever-medicine-for-baby” and it’s a type of desperation that I don’t ever want to feel, again.

**u/_LuckyDucky_** (344 points)

Having been in that tired, run down pregnant lady's position, I thank you from afar for being a decent human. Seriously, you have no idea what a big deal such "small" acts of kindness can be. You're awesome.

**u/Squirrelonastik** (192 points)

Good mommy needs a hug.  I wanna hug good mommy!

**u/Peruda** (191 points)

Everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about.

**u/jdpatric** (156 points)

Same. I have two daughters (4 and nearly 6) and I can tell you I've gone out at zero-dark-thirty for infant cough syrup, infant tylenol, you name it. My wife got pregnant with our second when our first was ~7 months old, so she definitely pulled double duty at times. Good on OP here.

**u/CSS-Farsight** (152 points)

A lot of the night staff were in tears over it, as were most of the day staff, though to be fair, most of the day staff were already in tears even before she arrived.

The manager got a call the next day from a very dear and long time friend of TRL, who wanted to come into the store to thank me personally.  The manager back then knew I was a very humble person that didn't do well under praise, so they made sure to let them know exactly where and when I would be in, and then didn't tell me about it.  It was very awkward, fortunately the manager was there too to further supplement the praise that was getting showered upon me.  That manager didn't like me.

TRL came in herself about two months later to thank me herself, and to inform me that she was going to shop here from now on, which she did.  Her once sick infant is now a very healthy preteen.  Occasionally, every now and then, when TRL is in the store with her friends (especially new friends) and she sees me, she'll recount the events of that night.  I cringe a little and laugh awkwardly every single time.

**u/MesmericDischord** (150 points)

Yeah the only people who get house calls in America are the actively dying and the very rich.

Although depending on the town it is possible some folks know their emergency response teams well enough to call and get a positive result, though likely they'll still have to pay for it.

**u/Scullys_Stunt_Double** (141 points)

Been there. Rushing into the only store open just as they were closing. I wish the first person she spoke to had sought you out so she didn't have to see so many people. So very happy you helped her, OP. That poor woman.

**u/CSS-Farsight** (133 points)

They could have been anyone at that moment in time and I still probably would've processed their transaction.  It was more just the combined shock of who they were, how they were dressed, and how they had seemingly arrived uncontested to the counter where I was.  It just threw me off course and through a loop.

Being called a hero for this makes me cringe a little.  As I said in the post, even if we hadn't been there the night staff would have just given her the item anyway.  Anyone there would have given her it.  I even reckon if she'd gone to the retail park security, they would've unlocked the store and ran in to get the item for her.  That's just the normal reaction to that situation.

**u/DearyDairy** (117 points)

I'm so glad this genuinely sounds like the case, I'm far too jaded by my local area, anyone buying cough syrup after midnight is usually looking for the active ingredient themselves.

Home doctors will generally be called out for sick infants late at night (since its a free service) and they carry a small pharmacy stock. Sure there are people who know what medication they need so they can skip the doctor, but if your child is sick enough that you you need the medication that same night, in my country, you would be advised to have a home doctor visit.

Obviously healthcare in America is very different and this medication from this retail park is likely very much needed by a sick child with no other available support right now.

**u/Makkapakka777** (114 points)

I came here expecting something else. I'm glad it worked out!

**u/Owlettehoo** (100 points)

Yea, where I'm from in America, I pretty much grew up thinking that "family doctors" were a thing from the 40s and earlier. I've never really heard of a home visit from a legit doctor in modern times. Usually it's "home care" nurses and it's for old people that can't care for themselves or someone else in a similarly helpless situation.

**u/young_and_baroque** (92 points)

This! I’m happy to bend over backwards for a polite customer, it’s the rude ones that I feel no sense of duty or service to.

**u/Tephlon** (86 points)

So happy that I live in a city that has a 24 hour service pharmacy system...

You just need to get to the nearest pharmacy and they'll have a list of what pharmacy is open at that time. And it's usually the pharmacy about 5 minutes from my house anyway.

**u/White-Potato** (79 points)

Yup, and likely neither of them was getting any sleep whatsoever, poor things.

**u/247Brett** (77 points)

Monkey needs a hug :(

**u/TransparentPenguin** (77 points)

Jokes tend to be funny

**u/DearyDairy** (74 points)

Probably heavily pregnant with baby #2 and has a young toddler at home with a cold.

**u/killerbeeszzzz** (71 points)

Heavily pregnant good mommy. My heart goes out to her and thank you so much OP for being such an amazingly kind person. I just gave birth 5 months ago and I can remember how uncomfortable and sometimes painful the final months were. That mommy was probably holding in pee, gas, having swollen feet, and not having much sleep either and all she was focused on was getting her other baby some cough medicine. This post made me so happy, thank you again OP for posting and being a good human!

**u/The_73MPL4R** (71 points)

I came here to be angry

I left realizing that some customers have legitimate reasons behind the things that they do
