# **UPDATE** Husband (30M) Cheated on me (27F) with my own sister (21F). Upset. Confused. Angry.

**Sub:** r/survivinginfidelity  
**Author:** u/atypicalostrich  
**Score:** 2,736  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/survivinginfidelity/comments/kj2gh3/update_husband_30m_cheated_on_me_27f_with_my_own/  

---

Please see my other post before reading this, it will be on my profile. 

A lot has happened since I last posted. A lot came out, alot has been said and now its all out on the table.

I called an aunt of mine after I posted and saw some comments saying I should have a friend or family member by. I packed my baby a bag, bottles and stuff for a short stay with my aunty who's been close by for the pregnancy and knows how to look after my baby because I don't want my child in the house whilst I talk about this. My husband was confused and was asking why I was packing stuff for her and not me also. I told him he will see.

I texted my sister "Come over right now." And she pushed why and called me but I just messaged her to get over here. Took her about 15 minutes to come and my aunt came and took my daughte in that time and my husband was getting increasingly worried. When my sister pulled up my husband's arse fell out. The sudden look of realisation hit him and he started crying. My sister came in and I told her to sit down and I did as you all asked, took pictures of the chat, her number and all the contense that was on the chat, pulled it up on the smart TV and told them both to tell me WTF had been going on. Admittedly I did look quite insane but I didn't care. She started crying he started saying he was sorry over and over and I explained they had broken me l, how I raised my sister and gave my husband a daughter and THIS is how they repay me!?

They confessed it had been happening for at least 7 months. He fucked her in our bed a couple of times and they said it wasn't like they were in love with each other (!!!???). Getting a lawyer in the morning, he's confessed to kissing a co-worker also. I'll be picking my daughter up in an hour and he's currently packing his shit whilst my sister is crying and begging me to not disown her, I'm ignoring it whilst I'm writing this. Really see I can only depend on myself in this time and divorce is an only option for me because I don't want my daughter thinking men can do this to her. He's begging me and they are both begging me but I'm not cracking, they made their bed they can lie in it. 

Thank you everyone for your support and kindness

EDIT: Also highly suspect grooming of my sister when she was 15. Leaving rooms together and having a "great bond" feel very stupid for missing that and putting my sister in danger.
