# Update 🥂 I’m 100% legally divorced, and hear Ex isn’t doing so well.

**Sub:** r/survivinginfidelity  
**Author:** u/SassafrasF  
**Score:** 2,284  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/survivinginfidelity/comments/k4prct/update_im_100_legally_divorced_and_hear_ex_isnt/  

---

My divorce was finalized last week, it went to default because my ex just never responded and the judge signed off. When I got the decree email from my attorney I laughed and smiled out of relief and then cried a little bit, you know, because of feelings. Then after work I bought champagne and the guy I’m seeing came over to my place, toasted with me, took me to bed, and made me forget all about it. 

The weekend before my ex brother-in-law and his fiancé came over to hang out and catch up, we’re still close. They told me that my ex-husband and his AP broke up sometime last month and he hasn’t been handling it well, drowning his sorrows every night in a heroic amount of whiskey. Upon hearing that I immediately felt heartbroken for him. Obviously he is reaping what he’s sown, left a loyal wife for a mentally unstable infatuation situation and you wonder why it didn’t work? Suppose the grass isn’t greener on the other side.

I realized then that I do not hate my ex husband. I accept that the man that I thought had strong character and infallible morals was just a flawed man that talked a good game, and he wasn’t that strong after all. Here’s hoping he gets the help he needs. 

I look in the mirror today and I see who had the strength in the relationship, the one who made it all happen, the steady-true-reliable pillar that kept the walls up. 

I remember so vividly feeling lost without him right after I found out. Now I see that he is one who is lost. I still have my days of feeling off and feeling sad. But I don’t miss my ex husband. I don’t miss who I used to be with him. This woman right here and right now is having a good time and continually learning who she is and what she wants. And above all... she knows her worth.
