# It's done. Served her yesterday.

**Sub:** r/survivinginfidelity  
**Author:** u/Jaque_LeCaque  
**Score:** 2,157  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/survivinginfidelity/comments/k98f2p/its_done_served_her_yesterday/  

---

I had her served yesterday. For those asking, I wasn't in a good state of mind to write about it yesterday. Still not really, but I will get it off my chest.

I woke up and left the house, got myself some breakfast while waiting for her to leave for work. Rented a truck, went back home and changed the locks. My friend and her husband came over, he brought a friend and we packed up her things. We loaded up our bedroom furniture that I got her as a wedding gift, my couch, my dining table... just all the furniture she defiled. Took it to storage. Put all her clothes in garbage bags. Was going to throw her dirty clothes in with the clean by my friend wouldn't let me.

We got done after 11am. At around lunch time, I bought flowers and chocolates and went to her work. I went in gave her the flowers and candy gave her a big hug and a kiss. She was all smiles and blushes, her coworkers were doing the awww that's so sweet thing. I told her that I would love to take her to lunch but I had to go get a check up on my leg, but to not make plans for the night because I wanted to give her a night she would remember.

I gave her a goodbye kiss and started walking out. At this point I'm going to start calling her GM, Fucking Tom or FT. As I was leaving I saw her Boss and gave him a big smile and said "Hey, Fucking Tom, how are ya?" Gave him a wave and left. Then I went and got some lunch. 
At 2pm A deputy would be walking into my wife's work to serve her. At 2pm I was standing in front of FT'S house. I texted him the picture I took on the day I caught them. I took a selfie in front of his house and  sent that too.

I knocked on the door and Mrs. FT answered. She knows me a little bit from parties and things my wife's work had. I told her that my wife and her husband were having an affair. She didn't believe me. 
I showed her that first picture I took and I showed her a selfie they took while my wife was giving him a blowjob on my couch. And she fucking slapped me.  I just stood there and she started crying. I gave her a thumb drive with everything pertaining to my wife and her husband that I had. I told her my wife was cheating on me with multiple men, get checked for stds. I gave her my lawyers card and my number.

Then she asked why was I doing this to her. And to be honest, why did I do that? I hurt her pretty bad. I feel like the biggest piece of shit for doing that. I told her she had a right to know and felt like an asshole for giving her that answer.

As I was leaving, that's when my phone started blowing up. Didn't answer any calls or texts. I just went home. When I got home, I changed my FB status to divorced.

I started reading the texts from my wife... WTF IS THIS? What are you doing? All that shit. I msged her back and told her she could come to the house at 7pm and not one minute before to get her clothes.

Apparently, FT didn't tell her what I did right away as I imagine he had his own problems at the moment. But my wife sent me a text a little later motherfuckering me up and down for telling Mrs. FT. So he did tell her.
My "friend" that covered up for my wife, gonna call her Amber, started calling me. So I answered. I answered with "How long have you known that my wife and FT we're having an affair? Please don't lie to me." And she told me what I suspected. The whole time. Since before my wife and I had met. The. Whole. Fucking. Time.

All this time, I was the side piece.  My whole marriage is a sick fucking joke. Let me tell you, that's a bitter pill to swallow. 
I asked her why she didn't tell me. She said it's because they thought I would go apeshit, get violent and such. I told her that she knew me better than that. She said she kept it secret because she was her friend. What about me? I wasn't?
I asked her if I knew knew her husband was cheating wouldn't she want me to tell her? As a friend wouldn't I be obligated to let her know something she should know? She said yes.

So I hung up and sent her pictures my wife had taken of her and her husband and texted her back with my lawyer's number and said that my lawyer has everything I know. Then I told her never to contact me again.

At about 4 pm, my wife showed up at the house and found out about the locks. She started banging on the door and yelling. I didn't answer. She tried calling again. I turned my ringer off. Then she broke a window and left.

At close to 7pm two deputies parked out front. One is one of the people that helped me move stuff earlier. His wife showed up, also my friend. 

7pm rolls around and my wife showed up. She looked pretty subdued. Pretty sure her and Amber had gotten into it by then. I gave her her clothes, the storage key and address, my lawyers card. Told her that all contact with me will be through her.

My wife started with the I love you crap, we can work this out, she's sorry, she loves me, a mistake, she doesn't love them, it didn't mean anything... I just pointed at my lawyers card.

She said that it's her house too and I can't kick her out. I told her it's my home and that she literally fucked herself out of it. This when she got really loud. All the I love yous turned into fuck yous and I hate yous. The deputies turned on their lights and neighbors had come out to gawk at the trainwreck.

I remained fairly calm and had my hands at my side through this. She kept screaming at me. I think she might have been drinking. She started crying that she had nowhere to go and when I told her that I don't care...

Well, I learned something new about my wife, she can throw a right hook. Gave me a fat lip and a bloody nose. I didn't move. I just stood there and let her do it. She tried scratching my face. The deputies restrained her. I declined pressing charges. Told them to just make her leave. They filed an incident report so I could get a TRO. Actually, I'm glad she did that.

When she left I went back in and while I was cleaning myself up, all that shit I  should've been feeling for the last 2 months started to hit me. I'm pretty exhausted right now. I thought I would feel better after this all got out. I don't. I feel fucking awful. I'm not someone prone to crying, but I've been doing a lot of that since last night.

There's almost 600 unanswered texts and calls on my phone and growing. I'm going NC with our mutual friends. I don't want any of them trying to mediate things. I'll sort them out some other time.

I didn't call my son last night. I've always called him every night. I'll tell him tonight. He'll probably not be upset by the news. He wasn't fond of her.
