# That time my sister took me "camping".

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/hikingsisters  
**Score:** 21,265  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/5wqkf5/that_time_my_sister_took_me_camping/  

---

I grew up in a household with a narc dad and a borderline mom who often left us for long periods of time to do god knows what.

 
When I was 12 I learned that I had a half sister, who was 17 and living in another town a few hours away. She had problems in her house too, although mainly economical problems, not actual neglect caused by ill will. 


We wrote letters to each other and in one letter I shared with her my fear of the long summer holiday. Being stuck in the house without even school to escape to was hell. 
She made a promise to come and save me if it got too bad. "Just let me know and I'll find a way to help" she wrote.


A few days after I had posted my letter where I told her about how my mother had stopped providing meals, and my dad was emotionally and sometimes physically abusive, she showed up on our doorstep. 


She told my dad that I was going to spend the summer holiday with her family and since my dad hated kids, myself included, he happily agreed, no questions asked. 


We took the night train north, I was so excited. She didn't take me home with her - she took me camping. We spent the entire summer hiking amazingly beautiful trails, usually tenting but sometimes renting a small cabin for the night. It was the happiest summer of my life. I suddenly had a sister – who cared and enjoyed spending time with me. She could fish and trap birds, and cook and showed me how to read maps and the names of the constellations in the night sky. 

When the summer ended I was transformed. I wasn’t shy or confidence deprived anymore. I was a strong and resilient kid with an entirely new outlook on things. 

I reported my parents for lacking parenting skills and I was placed with a foster family. Neither of them made a fuss to keep me, so it was easily done.


I often think about that summer, that changed my life so profoundly. I don’t know if it was that I gained a sister, or that she showed me that I can survive – and thrive – even on the roughest, unmarked trails. 

It wasn’t until years later that I learned the real story behind that summer. At the time when she made me that promise, my sister lived with her family in a tiny apartment, with no place for yet another person or another mouth to feed. 

In fact she had been told to get out herself as soon as possible, to make room for her siblings, and she was now awaiting the day when she could move into her student apartment. 

I was amazed to hear that not only was our wonderful summer an emergency solution, her way to keep her promise and also give me an unforgettable summer – but she did it so well that I never once realized that we were there because we had nowhere else to go. 


Today I turn 30. My sister is still my best friend and this summer we plan to hit the trails again. 

Edit: Thank you all for your kind comments - I'm stunned. For those who wonder about the trail. This is it: http://www.swedishlapland.com/stories/kings-trail/

---

## Top Comments

**u/Ethel_R** (2,826 points)

This is beautiful. Thank you for sharing this.

**u/AppreciativeTeacher** (2,512 points)

I loved reading this story. 

I have two older sisters who have saved me several times throughout my life as well. 

My father was physically and emotionally abusive, and I can still remember many times where my sister's put themselves in harms way to keep him from hurting me. 

It was Christmas, sometime in the early 90s. He was mad (like always) and backed me into a corner. My sister saw it happening, ran to me and blocked him from me. She knocked me over and covered my entire body with hers (kind of like a momma bear covering her cub during a snow storm). Instead of him hitting me, he hit her. I remember her crying onto the back of my shirt as she continued to cover me from it. I felt horrible while it happened. 

After he finally stopped, he walked away. She picked me up, told me she loved me, and that she would always protect me.

Our bond is strong!

**u/muchachomalo** (1,041 points)

I don't want to sound innaproppiate but I would watch the shit out of that movie.

**u/hikingsisters** (885 points)

Thank you! I'm female though, not that it matters. :)

**u/Kaerhis** (826 points)

Your username suddenly makes a lot more sense.

**u/Oatz3** (580 points)

Agreed. I wish people were as nice to each other as OP's sister was to ~~him~~ her.

Submitted to /r/bestof

**u/meetzemonster** (506 points)

That's a really beautiful experience. To be taught resilience and self sufficiency in such a loving and nurturing way. It sounds like you saved each other that summer.

**u/OnionsMadeMeDoIt** (500 points)

This brought tears to my eyes. What an amazing sister.

**u/hikingsisters** (418 points)

We even moved in next door to each other, and have dinner at each others house ever other day.

**u/theCroc** (341 points)

That's an Oscar-bait level feel-good story. OP should definitely look into writing it down.

**u/aqua_zesty_man** (329 points)

Not everyone gets to be on a first-name basis with their guardian angel. :)

**u/hikingsisters** (328 points)

It was. And since she had been brought up with this kind of outdoors adventures, she was really good at it. They never had the money to go abroad on the school holidays, but they went on amazing hikes instead, and she learned early to be comfortable in the wild. If I ever have kids, I think that's the way to go. It creates more memories, and I think it makes you a stronger person too.

**u/you_dont_know_me_21** (295 points)

I never would have guessed; your writing is first-rate!

**u/hikingsisters** (273 points)

We're both lucky to have the life-saving kind of sisters!

**u/hikingsisters** (247 points)

Sure, but I need help editing. English is my 3rd language....

**u/V4CC1N14** (207 points)

This is so lovely I'm tearing up a little..

**u/ScarletLlama** (176 points)

That sounds wonderful.  It made me so happy to read and I'm glad you two are still close friends.

**u/AppreciativeTeacher** (169 points)

You are so right!!! I'm lucky!

**u/AbsolutelyAverage** (163 points)

This!  But start with the book!

**u/genepoolchlorinator** (144 points)

Your written English surpasses that of many, many people I know and work with who speak it as an only language.  I would have thought it to be your native language if you would not have said something.  Bravo!

Edit- words.

**u/EscapeFromTexas** (132 points)

I don't know if this is too personal but maybe you could share an edited version on /r/camping?

**u/PraiseTheMoist** (128 points)

Well now I feel like I've done nothing with my life.

**u/hikingsisters** (125 points)

Yeah. They might not have been dream parents, but they did love her. She had many siblings and as the oldest it was time to move out. Not as in kicking her out with nothing. Her dad, owner of a shop that sold out door adventure gear, was a gambler, so the prolems were financial/strained realations. But still. They spent their sumers hinking, all through her childhood (they couldn't afford going abroad like everyone else) and she loved it. When she speak of them it's not with the same anger and resentment that I got for my parents.

**u/hikingsisters** (124 points)

It's swedish, german, english, italian. I tried to learn russian but I gave up.

**u/UnsinkableRubberDuck** (123 points)

Have you seen [The Hunt for the Wilderpeople?](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4698684/)
