# Saw a dad in the store shopping for back to school stuff.

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/AllFatherElena  
**Score:** 11,492  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/ht3o39/saw_a_dad_in_the_store_shopping_for_back_to/  

---

She looked like she was 14 or 15. We were all in the underwear aisle. She looked so embarrassed. She turned to him and said "Dad, I need underwear."

He looked at her, then said, "Do you want me to turn around?"

She said yes in the smallest voice. He turned his back to her. She looked through the underwear, got what she wanted and put it in the cart. Then she said, "I'm finished."

He turned around and said, "Honey, if you're uncomfortable with me doing something like this with you, just tell me. I can go do something else. I don't want you to feel embarrassed. I know it's weird to be in this aisle with your dad. In fact, I think you're old enough to come back here by yourself next time."

She smiled and said, "Thanks dad."

He smiled back and said, "Thanks for not asking me if they were cute like you did with your dresses."

I almost cried. Like I laughed but tears welled up in my eyes. He respected her privacy and rights as an individual. He respected her boundries. He acknowledged her feelings and validated them. He encouraged her and her independence. 

My dad never did those things. He was gross. He asked me very invasive questions. Seeing that reminded me that my dad sucked, but that there are awesome dads in the world. 

To all you awesome dads out there, thanks.

---

## Top Comments

**u/quietlycommenting** (3,231 points)

Wait, so parents and children can go shopping together without inducing trauma? No “inspirational” clothes bought 2 sizes too small? No intentional public humiliation? What a time to be alive.

Seriously I’m so grateful that there are parents out there respecting their children as actual people. Must be lovely

**u/hatefulcharles** (736 points)

My mom used to make scenes over the clothes I liked (I was kind of a tomboy as a teen and she never really got over the fact that I wasn't the girly girl she expected) and when I tried to buy them anyway she would snatch them out of my hands and tell the people who worked there we would not be buying that flannel. To this day I avoid going shopping with her. It's just exhausting. Happy to know people grew to be better parents to ther kids.

**u/[deleted]** (346 points)

I was the opposite -- very girly.  I loved dresses and makeup and all things pink.  I went to many, many, many friends houses where I'd hear mother's saying "why can't you wear dresses like her??!!"
This was a common occurrence when I'd visit other people's families. The funny thing about this is that as I got older and continued to be girly people began to see me as "too sexy" 
And "craving attention" 
Women in general cannot win, it doesn't matter if you are feminine or a tomboy it will be distorted to be bothersome to people
I'm sorry your mother couldn't respect your need to present yourself in your open creation and not her reflection.  You are perfect just as you are.

**u/AnnaMan17** (323 points)

This made me smile. Thank you for sharing.

**u/dasistnichtsexxxy** (302 points)

Dads can be supportive of their daughters?? My dad would never be this involved. I don’t think I’ve been shopping with him for anything ever in my life.

**u/jessiraine0113** (291 points)

I was a tomboy as a kid. As an adult, until I went LC with my mother, she'd always bought me these ridiculous clothes that I'd never wear. Like shit she'd like if she had my body. I'm not skinny by any means but I am tall. One year I asked for leather pants, don't ask me why I mean it was the early 2000's so ya know, she got them for me then got me this long ass granny looking suede skirt. I hated that thing. She insisted I'd love to wear it to church with my now ex husband. Made me try the stupid thing on and pose for her. Thinking of that picture now makes me feel gross. Over the years she always gifted me clothing I'd never wear or wasn't my color. I wear a lot of blacks, greys, and navy blues. She always got me purples and reds thinking I'd love wearing it. Not only the color but the cut of most of the shirts was awful. I see now that she wanted me to fit this mold that I was never going to fit no matter what clothes and accessories she purchased for me to fit into her idea of who I should be.

**u/olivinemage** (205 points)

This is probably the most wholesome post Ive ever seen on this subreddit. Thank you for this!

**u/youraverageslytherin** (145 points)

Two sizes too small? My mom always bought 2 sizes too big for me. She always acted like I was a fat pig (I'm a US 2-4). Glad to know I'm not the only one it happened to

**u/sryyourpartyssolame** (118 points)

I was a chubby kid. My mom would take me to stores and when I couldn't fit into the little girly clothes or girly bras she would tell me no one would ever love me nor would I deserve love if I wore the ugly stuff. Back to school shopping would always end in emotional breakdowns and dissociation. Having parents who didn't do this type of shit must be nice.

**u/thejellecatt** (117 points)

Honestly I was really girly too and as I grew up I gained a bit of weight and my sisters and my narc dad and his wife said I was too old to wear floral dresses and cute clothes and that no one wanted to see a chubby girl trying to be cutesy, said I was being cringey and that people would like me even less than they already did. As I became a teenager I was ‘not allowed’ to pick out dresses or skater skirts because my pear shaped body was ‘horrible’ and was the ‘worst body shape’ and that nothing would suit me apart from styles of clothes that I really didn’t like so I just wore my school uniform all the time. I convinced myself for ages that I actually didn’t like skirts (even though I loved wearing school skirts), didn’t like pink and didn’t like flowers or sparkles or unicorns and you know what? Fuck them. I am 20 and my bedsheets are pinky purple with feathers on them. I have fake pink wisteria plants hanging from my ceiling and in the centre of my room is a huge fluffy pink rug. I named my cat after a cartoon pink lion and most of my wardrobe is ditsy floral print now. My prom dress was a beautiful dusty mauve bridesmaid dress with a sweetheart neckline and was backless, all of the things my family told me would look horrible on me. I am actually modifying that dress right now to have a corset back because my bust got bigger but I hate the pictures from that night because I felt so horrible especially since my dad’s wife had just cut my beautiful long hair to dreaded shoulder length. I could see myself being weighed down by all their hurtful words in all of those photos and I didn’t get to enjoy my dress. Well fuck them because after I modify this dress into a brand new one and make it so comfy I am going to find any and every excuse to wear it. Fuck those who say otherwise. And yes women never can win.

**u/mrskel1** (111 points)

My mom would force me to wear oversized clothes that would cover me head to toe and were meant for a middle aged woman.

**u/StoicallyGay** (111 points)

Lmao my parents never care if I'm uncomfortable. They'll just ask me why I'm embarrassed and tell me there's nothing to be embarrassed about in an annoyed tone. Happened even when I was young. Good thing parents like the one you saw exist in the world.

**u/[deleted]** (99 points)

My initial reaction is that this is a fake story. Not saying it actually is, but damn my brain just doesn't accept that not all men are predators. I want to trust the men in my life. My boyfriend... my grandpa who has only ever cared for me and who used to brush and dry my hair for me when I was a little kid... I feel distant from them because I can't ever fully know if they are predators.

I hope this story is true because I want to believe that a man can have a daughter and not be predatory towards her.

**u/shellontheseashore** (96 points)

My mum was so weird about clothes. I was fairly tomboy/practical in outfits (also dysmorphia/trauma meant I just wanted jeans and a big coat, always, so I could pretend I didn't have a physical form to deal with) so she'd try to buy me girly stuff, despite her also being that *particular* brand of 2nd-gen feminism and quite against 'girly' things. So there was a lot of clothes better suited to a 40-something who believed in the power of clashing patterns for chunky camouflage, RIP

**u/JacieBlu3** (89 points)

This is SO lovely!

My daughter's dad was like this with our girl in her teens- she called him at work,and said in her tiny voice "Dad,I'm sorry,but could you please pick up period pads on your way home from work?"

His reply? "No worries sweetie,just tell me the brand and the type,and what chocolate should I get for you?"

The BEST DAD EVER ❤️

**u/[deleted]** (89 points)

Hahaha right?  I remember being 14 and asking my dad for tweezers so I could start plucking my eyebrows...he literally brought me his nose hair trimmer and was like "take it or leave it"
-- I left it.

**u/lovemydoggiejak** (87 points)

My (13 at the time) took me to the store to purchase female items. I was embarrassed to pick them up and he realized it as I stood there just staring at what appeared to me an immense amount of feminine products. He said let's get ice cream and we went to the ice cream aisle. He picked up two cartons and then led me back to the aisle of dread. He then picked up a package and shoved it between the two cartons of ice cream and asked if I was ready to go. I never said a word. He just understood. This man was my hero numerous years ago and still is for so many reasons like this.

**u/quietlycommenting** (87 points)

Sounds like clothing is a big control tactic for a lot of Narc parents - I didn’t realise how many people went through similar stuff but nice to know we’re not alone now. Wishing you happiness

**u/Danny_ODB** (79 points)

Wow. That literally reads like Sci-Fi to me.  My Nmom's sister (who was also raised by an Nmom) famously mentioned at Christmas once that since her divorce, she would bring her son (my cousin) when she shopped for swimsuits.  He was like 10.  She would try each on and then come out and ask him what he thought.  An adult woman asked her 10 year old son essentially "do I look sexy in this?".  Ah, my fucking dysfunctional family.

**u/Sylvi2021** (77 points)

Mine screams at the top of his lungs if we mention periods/pads/tampons/bodily functions/penises/vaginas etc. Still at 35 after being married and having a child I'm still not allowed to sleep with my husband on our annual camping trip because it freaks my dad out. "Boys in the tent, girls in the camper". So fucking weird.

**u/FlyRobot** (69 points)

Agreed. Buying underwear at that age was extremely embarrassing both by parents and the register clerk. For boys, you had to wear loose boxers to be cool but I hated that they had no support and often chaffed my groin. Junior High PE required the clothes change though (no shower) and it was a very stressful event

**u/cklamath** (69 points)

Me too! I was not allowed to wear anything flattering. "Skin tight" clothing was so inappropriate for a young lady... along with socks that dont reach the knees or shoes that don't cover the toes. LOL.

**u/quietlycommenting** (66 points)

It’s like listening to an echo. The “no one will ever love you” and “you’re asking people to look past a lot” in regards to my looks still plagues me. It’s so awful and it sticks with you every day. Sorry OP
