# I thought I was just always a night owl who liked to stay up till 4am. I now realized I stay up late because that is the only time I can truly relax because no one will barge into my room at 4am.

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/ShitsNGigglesIGuess  
**Score:** 8,883  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/gm92n1/i_thought_i_was_just_always_a_night_owl_who_liked/  

---

Edit: I'm glad I made this post. It makes the chaos just a little more bearable to know I'm not alone and other people can relate. Thank you.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Goodest_Pupper** (1,281 points)

I stay up partly for the same reason. I enjoy the night and how calm it is, especially in regards to how I can finally have some peace and quiet. My family is boisterous and toxic. At night, I can finally have some time to myself.

**u/BaddestPatsy** (483 points)

Same, I also thought I hated mornings until I moved out and it turns out I just hate my mom in the morning. When I came home from college I started to get in the habit of setting my alarm so I could hop out of bed before my mom thought I'd be up and sneak out of the house to go to a cafe to wake up. 

My mom knows that my brain takes a while to get into gear in the morning but it didn't stop her from throwing my door open, sitting on my bed and running her mouth about gossip I don't care about to wake me EVERY morning. Then I'd be grumbley and sleepy and she'd just laugh and be like "you've always been such a bitch in the mornings!" Like it doesn't occur for years and years of knowing me, to change anything about the way she treats me even though it consistently gets bad results. When I'd try and talk to her about just giving me some space in the mornings and not talking to me a bunch--she still just says "no you're just a bitch in the mornings." Ns are just unable to let people be themselves.

**u/mickeyvv** (445 points)

Yes! My late night shenanigans locked in my room or sneaking around the house were the only moments of peace I knew. Sometimes I wouldn’t eat enough during the day (bc she literally never left me alone about anything) and I’d wait until 3am to eat...kind of awful the only time I could “be” in my own home was when the monster was snoring lol.

**u/2genesistic** (330 points)

Omg me too. I never knew why I liked the night and it’s just the fact that it’s peaceful and quiet lol.

**u/BaddestPatsy** (166 points)

seven years

**u/KintsugiPanda** (135 points)

And can finally be yourself as well.
 Same.

**u/Atlas-The-Ringer** (118 points)

I feel exactly the same. I turned it into a game after once I became sneaky enough to really take advantage of the night. I’d imagine I was an assassin like Ezio from the assassin’s creed games, tip-toeing and hop-skipping around.

**u/wellnop3** (117 points)

My nMom sadly was able to make me so scared of the night and the darkness that I always think I’m being followed by something or someone as soon as the sun is going down... I always loved the night, the cool air, the floating stars, the calming quiet... but I was always scared of it ;( I’m 20 now and I am still full of anxiety and I just don’t know how to get over it ........

**u/parkesc** (116 points)

So how long have you been NC

**u/YuukiAliceMS** (112 points)

Absolutely ❤️ I used to do the same thing. I was always tired at school the next day, but at least I had a couple hours to myself

**u/allimeehan** (85 points)

Beautiful.

**u/BaddestPatsy** (83 points)

I started to get some idea of it when my parents divorced when I was 14 and custody went 50/50. My dad still was rude and abrasive in the morning and I'd spout off about it, but he actually listened a little. I was failing my French class that started at 7:45 (because I was in that habit of staying up really late for alone time mentioned above) so I decided I had to start forcing myself to drink coffee. My dad is a huge coffee drinker so his routine became making me a latte and making sure I had it right away. And I began a brutal life-long addiction to coffee that way, but it taught me I could enjoy a quiet car ride in the morning. I also was on swim team, so sometimes I'd get up early for morning swim practice either with the team or on my own. Getting ready to swim and swimming were awful at first but then I'd get into a nice headspace where my mind was really clear and peaceful. 

When I went to college, which was art school--my classes all started at noon. Being a huge procrastinator, I was often doing my assignment the same morning--and found out accidentally that the morning is the best time for. I learned from being around mature artists that many, maybe most highly productive artists love to work first thing in the morning. A very famous guest lecturer told us that whatever you do in the morning programs your brain for the rest of the day to do that thing. That if he works for a couple hours in the morning, he can take a break and come back to it easily at any point during the day. But if he starts late he has a hard time getting into it. Years later I learned another way of relating to it by doing "morning pages" because I was doing the "Artist's Way" program. I also learned that there are people who are like me that I have nice lazy mornings with sometimes. I was sleeping with this couple for a while (look, I know...) and one of them was a lot like me, but her husband was one of those loud-boisterous morning people who would wake up talking essays. She and I learned to sneak off quietly together and eat breakfast sandwiches at the coffee shop beneath their apartment. 

So I guess long story short, I learned that my brain is different in the morning than the rest of the day. It's quiet and slow, and things like my mom and french-class really grind against it--and it's the grinding I really hate. But it's not a bad brain, it's perfect for being in my body (exercise, meditation, enjoying food and coffee alone or with a \*quiet\* lover) or being in my subconscious (writing, painting.) I'm a really noisy-minded and talkative person usually, so this was a different part of myself that I needed to learn to protect. I'm still learning consistency with this, I easily lapse into grouchy fuck-off mornings and it really brings my whole day down.

As far as what you can do when you're still living with your parents--it's really hard to advocate for yourself with n-parents because they really do not care to understand you or your needs. But if you can build yourself some kind of bubble and make boundaries that they'll keep--I suggest you do that. They might even think it's really great if you got into meditation or working-out in the morning, it might accidentally make them feel like a productive-child is a good reflection on them. My main advice I give to people with n-parents if they can't go NC is "train them like dogs" which sounds pretty harsh but let me explain: you don't need them to understand your boundaries, you just need them to obey them. I did that with my dad to train him out of making comments about my body. I told him firmly "you will not talk about my body anymore, it's not your biz and I wont stand for it." And then every time he'd try I would just say "NO." Depending on how aggro your parents are, that might not be safe--but a narcissist responds better to absolute boundaries than they do reasoning. That is because understanding you IS NOT something they can or want to do. A lot of the time we want to be finally seen and understood by them and for their treatment to reflect that--but that probably just will never happen. Find your understanding from other people and train your parents firmly like dogs to do you the least harm they can.

**u/judithcooks** (72 points)

Omg this. I used to be awake until the wee hours. Moved out from the toxicity, started going to bed at 9pm and sleeping like a baby. It's amazing how good dropping the rope is for your health at all levels.

**u/punchjackal** (68 points)

Oh my God, you're right. I really never thought about it before but you're right.

**u/Achiral94** (68 points)

Welp, this brought back some memories.  My N would always come into the room and sit on the bed and start blathering off about something completely pointless too. They can't even let us be when we're sleeping.

**u/euronymoose** (49 points)

Same. Once it gets to around 8-9pm I feel like I can relax and people won't enter my room without knocking and just stand around staring at me.  It's bad enough because the cupboard for our boiler is in my bedroom so they often have to go in my room to grab towels, bedding etc.  Like my brother just barged in my room today to get help with his laptop and I had to quickly cover myself with my bedding because I just started to get undressed to have a shower. Nobody respects my boundaries, then they have the cheek to comment about me 'walking around naked' when they literally went into my room while I was getting dressed or ready to use the bathroom...

I usually feel uneasy talking to people on voice chat or the phone too because they sometimes stand outside my room and just eavesdrop. I can't see or hear them but I can feel their presence there? It's hard to explain.  They're just incredibly nosy, or my mum will barge in talking about how much of a mess my room is and how she does everything and how will I ever cope living on my own? And saying my house will be a complete state. 

Thing is she knows I suffer with fibromyalgia and ADHD but she just doesn't care. And I've heard her talk about me on the phone to family and friends a few times and literally say that I'm useless and I know I can be a little lazy at times when it comes to cleaning but it still hurts.

**u/Giraffe_of_Justice** (49 points)

I feel the exact same. It really doesn’t help that I’m yelled at for sleeping in, but I’ll take that over being yelled at all day

**u/TheSouffur** (48 points)

I've never thought of it this way, but now it definitely makes sense. Since the quarantine, I have been stuck at home with my father and it's awful during the day. The only time I get peace is by staying up late. I dread waking up in the morning, now.

**u/Bertry** (47 points)

Yes I also stay up except none of my family members know and the only device I have to work with is a school computer that I take advantage of. None of my family members know about this.

**u/LadyDarkPhantom** (47 points)

My mother did something similar. I slept in the living room of a two bedroom trailer and she and my older brother each had their own room. She would first wake me up by either opening the outside door (which was in direct line of where I slept) or she would make so much noise that I would jolt awake. I've always taken a minute to completely wake up and she knew this. She would immediately start hounding me or bitchinv about something that I had no control over as soon as she noticed I started to even slightly wake up. If I asked her to give me a minute to wake up, I was being a bitch and had no right to talk to her like that. 

I've been NC for about 2 and a half years now and I still fight the knee jerk reaction to flip out on someone if they try to talk to me as soon as I wake up. I live with my dad and he's the same way as me because she did the same thing to him when he was still living in the same house as her.

**u/JesyLurvsRats** (46 points)

Do you have a trusted friend to help you desensitize with controlled exposures??

Even if it's just sitting on your front stoop looking at the full moon for a few minutes? A close acquaintance of mine got into identifying constellations and how they move through the seasons, and I would frequently sit with her outside for as long as she was comfortable. Her thing was agoraphobia, though, which people made into a bigger mess than necessary for her because they didn't really bother to try to understand it. 

It's hard to be vulnerable about stuff like this, but please don't get discouraged 💜💜 it will just take small steps and perseverance. 

I myself get wiggled out with loud thunder. I will straight up scream bloody fucking murder and scare everything alive in my house so badly I've probably taken a few of my cats' lives. And tornadoes?! Prepare for instant hyperventilating! The first summer I lived in northeast Kansas 4 tornadoes came very close to fucking up the city. I got up to look out the basement window because shit didn't sound right, when an enormous limb from the tree in the middle of my backyard broke off. I quite literally mean it happened *as I looked out the window.* It trashed the neighbor's fence and came within *inches* of destroying that side of my house. It was absolutely traumatic for me, and I'm still working on it. I hear the sirens and oooooh boy. Luckily where I'm at now isn't too much of a risk for 'Nadoes. But fuck are storms loud.

**u/GoldenGlitter** (46 points)

“Ns are just unable to let people be themselves.” This statement just hit home so hard.  God forbid I ever choose to NOT take her advice on something. It’s like I’ve committed a crime. 

Your whole anecdote could have come out of my mouth word for word, and while I’m glad to know I’m not alone, I’m sad to know someone else in the world has dealt with this.  

Sending love:) thanks for sharing your comment.

**u/Acciosanity** (43 points)

I've had insomnia as long as I can remember. Even as a small child, I was a "night owl." I've heard more creative people stay up all night...

Now I openly acknowledge to myself that I stay up for peace and quiet.

**u/Saltywinterwind** (40 points)

How was your process? Currently living at home after college and I’m losing it. Planing on going NC in a few years when I get my own place and am stable in life a bit

**u/rusrslolwth** (40 points)

I always had trouble sleeping at a "reasonable hour", as my mother put it. I discovered while pregnant that I have iron based anemia, which makes me feel tired and weak all the time without getting iron in my system. Beyond that, I would stay up until 3 or 4am because she woke up at 5am. Then I would sleep until noon or later, and avoid at all costs. She HATED it but could never get me to wake up, partly due to my anemia. I actually remember waking up to her taking my door off for no reason other than she could.
