# My 4yo broke my favorite coffee mug yesterday.

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/mrswiggsmagoo0922  
**Score:** 8,812  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/ofw5ju/my_4yo_broke_my_favorite_coffee_mug_yesterday/  

---

I was in the other room and my LO came to me and said, "Momma, I am so sorry but I broke your mug." I asked her if she got hurt? No.  Was there a mess to clean up? Yes, she had cleaned her drink up and the peices were on the kitchen counter. 

She had ABSOLUTELY NO FEAR of telling me she broke one of my favorite things. And, the world didn't crumble around her in my rage. 

The mug is fixable/replaceable. Her STILL knowing that I am a safe place and value her feelings over objects is not. Thankfully that is still intact.

I only share these stories because I know we all struggle with what kind of parents we are/will be. I just want there to be some hope for all of us that we can break the cycle.

---

## Top Comments

**u/elguiridelocho** (821 points)

That’s so awesome. I still remember the time I put my hand through the plexiglass on the screen door. I hid my bleeding hand so that my parents would not suspect I had broken anything. Your daughter knows she is more important.

**u/Uniqniqu** (639 points)

&gt; I asked her …

I knew this was gonna be a happy story, but still when I read that bit, my heart stopped (or started beating faster, not sure which one) trying to anticipate what you asked, and my best bet was that you asked her which mug she broke!!! I was gonna continue a drama in my head by catastrophizing for you on how it hurt you to know it was the favorite mug, but yet you held back and didn’t tell her anything!!

Asking her if she was safe and if there was a mess didn’t even occur to me!

On a side note, my parents, especially the Nmom kept breaking stuff in my house when I hosted them last time they came to visit me. I could see how she was hard on herself and blaming herself on breaking shit just like when she would treat me like shit when I was a kid. I did not give out to them even once and instead tried to comfort them. But that didn’t seem to matter. She’d collect all tiny pieces and get my father to glue the ton of shattered pieces together to claim that they fixed it for me. 

I’m glad you’re keeping yourself as your daughter’s safe and trusted person. I wish we all had one of those.

**u/HeatherReadsReddit** (318 points)

I’m sorry that happened. I had a similar thing when my sister locked me out of the house, and I accidentally put my hand through the glass while pounding on it for her to let me in.  

My father was going to be home soon. It cut my wrist.  I begged my mother to call a glass repair to fix the door, while saying that I didn’t want to go to the hospital because he’d be mad at me for breaking the glass,  the cost of the hospital, and the cost to fix it.  

OP, well done! Thanks for sharing, too.

**u/sickoftheliesdoode** (219 points)

I'm sorry yall. These stories are so sad, but validating. I was cutting cilantro with a serrated knife and couldn't see my fingers... welp. Three badly hurt fingers later, and a cut that layed across three fingers that was profusely crying kool-aid fruit punch, I knew I fucked up. I kept it quiet for a bit. I remember the fear of my parents being greater than the fear of profusely losing kool-aid. I had absolutely no regard for my own saftey in terms of seeking help. Safety was keeping it from them, in my mind. Well, I realized how much kool-aid my cut was loosing, and had to tell them. They were actually concerned. I definitely was called "dumb" and such, though. I was shocked I wasn't degraded more. Then, when I was struck once with a major fever, I got sick from being nauseous. She screamed and cursed at me. Made me feel absolutely worthless while I was obviously a crying, very sick little child. Then she would try and baby me with my sickness. It was always a game of off and on. Life was never stable. They give you those small moments of concern to make you come back again. It's cruel.

**u/MorgainofAvalon** (188 points)

Good job mama! There is nothing better than having your child's faith, and love.

**u/LateNightLattes01** (179 points)

Wow! I immediately thought the same thing! Lol all Narcs are the same…
It didn’t even occur to me to think that she would ask “are you okay?”
Wow…. What an educational moment. 
Ugh- my NM would have never asked if I was okay first LOL!!

**u/whatevercuck** (148 points)

I remember one time when I was like 8/9 I was making ramen, and while I was draining some of the boiling water into the sink, it splashed on my hand and gave me crazy burns. I knew my dad would flip his shit so I tried to hide it for as long as I could, and when he found out, he did in fact flip his shit. I didn’t break anything and didn’t require a trip to the hospital, but I somehow inconvenienced him enough to warrant a freakout anyway. The few times I did break a glass or a plate, or even just dropped a piece of silverware, it was the same story but worse. 

He would always try to justify his blow ups by saying it was more than just a cup or a dish or whatever, and the *real* problem was that I don’t pay attention to my surroundings, and “what if, in a few years, you’re driving and you don’t see a kid that runs out into the road and you kill them?” 

Because obviously knocking over a cup at the age of 7 is a direct indicator that I will commit vehicular manslaughter later in life. Haven’t killed any kids yet, but I suppose it’s just a matter of time. Damn that cup.

**u/WhiteHawktriple7** (146 points)

I remember a scene from adventure time where jake the dog goes "see this mug, this is my favorite mug" then he proceeds to throw the mug out the window and says "now its gone forever and I don't care anymore". It's a silly joke but honestly kinda helps me remember to not care about the little things no matter how much I might like those small things.

**u/Fluffy-Designer** (136 points)

I was thinking it would end with a hysterical child and an upset mum. I’m so glad she’s breaking the cycle with her daughter. My heart is full.

**u/mrswiggsmagoo0922** (133 points)

I think thats the worst. Never knowing which way they will respond, because youve seen them do both.

**u/sadgirl1631** (114 points)

I am a mom too and I am amazed sometimes how instinctive it is to love your children and care about their safety and their feelings. It really drives home how bizarre and unnatural our upbringings were, and how damaged and damaging out caregivers were.

**u/anyoldtime23** (102 points)

Having my own kid makes my moms actions seem even more insane.

**u/mrswiggsmagoo0922** (97 points)

Oh man! Speaking of thinking its your last day.....

I once locked my moms keys in the car, i was about 9. I understand being upset about that. She laughed and joked with the locksmith. Put her arms around me and was all "I dont know what we are going to do with her, hahaha"

 All the way home, literally threatened my life.

We, silently, unloaded the groceries. Before i went to bed, i told her I was so sorry. "Dont worry about it, mistakes happen."

To this day, she tells that story like it is the funnest thing shes ever heard.

**u/fr3akgirl** (96 points)

My kid spilled his drink when he was ~3 and for some reason was really upset about it. I told him it wasn’t a big deal and he said “it’s just a little deal?”

**u/alfalfarees** (75 points)

My mom spent nearly 3 hours stomping and angrily cleaning then yelling this morning, that got triggered by the fact she dropped a glass herself and refused help for cleaning it up

Her thought process is obsessively clean, she doesnt let anyone help her often and says she's got it dont worry, then will out of nowhere complain and explode about how shes the only one doing anything always cleaning. I just try to clean after everyone else in fear of her taking shit out on me for it

**u/mrswiggsmagoo0922** (74 points)

Yes! I used to have some grace for my mom because i really thought she did her best. After having kids, i realized she could have done better.

**u/elegantlybroken** (72 points)

My Ngrandma made me pick up glass with my fingers because I drop the glass.

**u/liquorandwhores94** (71 points)

So sweet!!!! Also if it can't be fixed and it's hard to find then r/helpmefind

**u/IamFreeatlast** (70 points)

You're right, the reactions I got over silly things were so extreme. that when I actually broke something of value, my father's camera, I thought for sure it was the last day on Earth for me.

**u/SHTF-Girl** (63 points)

Go mama! I remember when I got a phone call at work from my then 15 year old. 

15: mom there's been an accident
 Me: are you ok? The pets? The house? 
15: yeah. Ummm, so I was emptying the dishwasher.
Me: ok...
15: I dropped and broke 5 plates.
Me: did you get cut?
15: no, I'm ok.
Me. Are the pets cleared off debris?
15: yeah, I put them outside
Me: ok, clean up your mess as best as you can. When I get home we'll see what else we need to do
15: sorry mom
Me: accidents happen baby, glad everyone is ok. 
15: thanks mom.

My mom, would have stopped taking to me for 6 months.

**u/blackbird24601** (62 points)

Lemme guess


The mess was “all over” the house instead of a self contained minor accident…

**u/sophvdh01** (61 points)

This comment hit hard, especially with the ‘real’ problem part with justifying freakouts. My Ndad lost his license a few months ago (doing 2x the speed limit), and of course it became my responsibility to drive him everywhere with no compensation, as I was simply “repaying” him for all the times he drove me around as a kid. I asked him to pay me at least minimum wage for my time, and he responded “don’t get greedy on me” and of course, I didn’t ask again. One time I was 5 minutes late picking him up from the supermarket, and he went into a huge rage about how I don’t respect other people’s time and I’ll never be able to hold down a stable job in the future if I’m 5 minutes late. He said my future manager will instantly fire me if i behave like this, which is ironic because the only times I’ve been late for work are because of him. How is me being 5 minutes late while doing him a huge favour a predictor of my future career… Thanks for sharing your experience, it’s reassuring to know I’m not alone in this kind of thing.

**u/Busy_Beautiful6772** (59 points)

While my story isn't one of an injury, I have been yelled at for some absolutely wild things. My favourite one? I ate a cookie upside down and that meant no one would keep being my friend, no man would ever want to be with me, I would lose any job because it was "clearly a lack of manners" and any boss would see how incapable I was, and apparently made me incredibly disrespectful to my parents and entire family. At first I thought my NDad was joking so I burst out laughing when he started giving me shit- *for eating a cookie upside down*. But then he got that scary look like he was about to murder me and literally screamed at me until I was backed into a corner in the kitchen. One of my sisters was sitting there silently killing herself laughing and had to sneak out of the room before she got caught because it made NO sense and he was just FURIOUS I dared eat my cookie wrong. If he hadn't been so terrifying I would have kept laughing but I just stood there silently, apologized, and turned my cookie the "right way". To this day its one of the strangest things that ever happened to me and my friends and I all joke about it from time to time (though most of them were horrified the first time I told that story and it was one of those moments that make you go ohhhh that's not normal is it?)
