# I found myself and my 8 year old daughter in the same scenario as when my Nmom damaged me as a 10year old.... and I chose to be better.

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/SiltyFemoidPigeon  
**Score:** 8,696  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/anfutd/i_found_myself_and_my_8_year_old_daughter_in_the/  

---

This is kind of a pat on the back, and kind of just a vent to acknowledge one of the many ways my Nmom screwed me up. I appreciate, in advance, anyone who reads this post.

  


When I was 10ish my Nmom and I were stuck waiting at a train in her car. I caught a glimpse of myself in the rearview mirror, and for whatever reason thought "Hey... I'm kind of pretty!" I feel shame even typing that sentence out today, thanks to my Nmom. I had recently seen something on tv about celebrity lips and I was thinking about whether or not I had pretty lips, and decided- my lips were kinda pretty. Again, shame. I made the mistake of asking my Nmom if she thought my lips were pretty. She Hit. The. Roof. Stuck in that vehicle with her and no escape she scolded me and shamed me until I felt like a tiny ugly piece of garbage. Something to the effect of "Were you just stareing at yourself in the mirror!? Do you know what that is called, SiltyPigeon? Vanity! Vain people stare at themself in the mirror. Vain people think that they are pretty. People that think they are pretty on the outside are UGLY and hideous on the inside. People who are pretty on the surface are ugly deep down, and if you're ugly on the inside you might as well be ugly on the outside, too.

  


This was the first time I remember her saying something to that effect to me, but no where near the last, and it really stuck with me like a pox. To this day I can not compliment myself in any way, with out feeling ashamed, like I'm a bad person for even thinking something positive about myself. Not my looks, my artwork, not anything. I also do not accept compliments well. I deny and downplay. I'm trying to work on that because it really pushes off my husband.

  


Fast forward 25 years. I'm sitting in my car in a drive thru with my 8 year old daughter. She's looking at herself in the mirror. She turns to me and asks "Mom, do you think my eyes are pretty? I think my eyes are pretty!" Her eyes are gorgeous! She has beautiful hazel eyes. The memories of what my Nmom lecturing me came flooding back and I instantly teared up. I asked my daughter to turn and look at me so I could see her eyes. I looked at her for a good little while and I replied to her "Your eyes are beautiful! You are beautiful on the outside and you are absolutely gorgeous on the inside, too. I love you, beautiful girl!"

  


I assume my daughter will probably never think of that moment again, maybe it didn't make much of an impression on her. But that moment with her really hit me and effected my heart and soul. I felt like I was given a re-do of a crappy moment in my life with my Nmom, and I choose to fix that moment for my daughter. I want her to know that she's beautiful and to never feel ashamed to believe it or to hear it. I want her to smile and say "thank you" when someone pays her a compliment. I want to be able to do that, too.

---

## Top Comments

**u/luckycharms4life** (1,369 points)

I think that moment shouldn’t matter to your daughter in a conscious sense but it will subconsciously. 

Your mom’s reaction was horrific. If she’s just said, “Yeah I do,” and moved on, it would have been a non-issue for you. My nmom has always been obsessed with weight (hers and mine) so I feel you. She’s always used unhealthy methods to be thin so I have always struggled to adopt a healthy lifestyle. The joys of nparents.

**u/Nerfboard** (1,295 points)

You should absolutely be proud of yourself for doing what all of our parents couldn’t/refused to: creating a heartwarming, emotionally supportive environment for your child. Keep up the good work.

**u/Ethelfleda** (391 points)

Where are those onions at my desk....?

Yep.  I have those thoughts and moments with each one of my kids.  Having kids is like being forced to rethink our childhood traumas.  In fact, I joke with my husband that in any moment the right thing to do is the exact opposite of my mom.  

You give your kid confidence and push them up.  There is an entire world just waiting to destroy their confidence.  A parent should NEVER be their first bully.  Kudos, momma.  You done good.

**u/meh_ok** (304 points)

I remember a preacher one time talking about the various scars and wounds we accumulate over our lives and how we often pass the same onto our children. He said that he prays for the strength for those scars to die with him. It’s become a recurring proverb for me. 

“Those scars die with me.”

**u/zorbostho** (275 points)

God damn it... that's so wholesome. She's lucky to have you.

**u/VidaCarnaval** (248 points)

My brother and I have, between us, large missing chunks of childhood because we'd blank out during nmom's rages. But one thing that always stuck with him was the time she threatened to send me to school in a shirt that said "PIG" on it. I was in middle school at most. Yay, nparents.

**u/Kalvin** (236 points)

&gt;A parent should never be your first bully.

I like that. I'm going to use it if you don't mind. Thanks.

**u/RustGal** (157 points)

Yes!  Break that cycle!  My mom was a royal jerk as well (either telling me that men were looking at me - which made me feel disgusting when I was too young to be sexual - or telling me how ugly I was).  But she didn't twist you into another like her (good job resisting).

Your daughter may never really understand or recognize what you did for her, but that is OK to me.  Lack of traumatic pain is just fine! :)

**u/qn0n0123** (138 points)

There were many things my mom made me wear that embarrassed me, but none at the level of what she did to my sister.

She made my sister wear this sweater vest to school (we lived in florida) with no bra and no undershirt. My sister was 11 or 12 at the time. She got sent to the principal's office for inadvertently flashing people because of course that's not a real shirt. Nparents are cruel.

I struggle with the weight issue too. In middle school I developed an eating disorder to try to lose weight. It lasted into high school. My very first date was a football game and I didn't even get to go inside. I passed out on my way into the stadium. The EMTs wanted to take me to hospital because my blood sugar was 40 (that's close to seizure-level low and far below normal limits), but my mom wouldn't let them. She came and picked me up. She never took me to the doctor, she never acted like anything was wrong. Because to her, that the only time I was skinny enough to make her look good.
That's insane - to care more about how your kid's weight reflects on you than their health.

My point is this - I hope one day both you and I can heal from all of this. Even though I'm not yet to a point where I feel confident about my body, I can at least see my mother's actions for the abuse they were and not feel like it has to be my truth anymore.

**u/JessicatGrowl** (76 points)

I’m pretty sure my aunt is the reason my younger cousin developed an eating disorder. My aunt was always so skinny, as was my older cousin (due to the amount of exercise she did; she played so much sports). But my younger cousin developed early and my aunt always made her feel guilty because her chest was so big. She wasn’t fat; I’m pretty sure her mom was just jealous of her having breasts at 12. But she would tell her she needed to stop eating so much or she would be even fatter. 

She struggled with bulimia throughout middle and high school and did end up putting on weight when she had her two kids. 

She had weight loss surgery a few years ago and looks like a totally different person. But it shows how much her moms words scarred her because she still views certain parts of her as not right. She has hooded eyelids and claims her eyelids are fat. 

I don’t even know if she realizes how her mother affected her. Her mom will occasionally ask if she remembers back when she was huge and they’ll both just laugh and laugh. I guess that’s what happens when you’re coping.

**u/squirrellytoday** (63 points)

&gt;She has hooded eyelids and claims her eyelids are fat.

Oh my god ... that is so sad. That's some deep damage, right there. Your poor, poor cousin. Her mother is cruel.

**u/ChivaExpiatoria** (61 points)

&gt; Your daughter may never really understand or recognize what you did for her, but that is OK to me.

Totally agree. My parents spent a lot of time telling us, ad nauseum, about all the awful things their parents did to them that they didn't do to us (while, of course, abusing us in their own unique ways). No child should have to feel *grateful* that their parents aren't abusive. They should just think that's the norm. I love the way OP handled this.

**u/Serrahfina** (59 points)

Omg the same. My mom used to always nag me about my weight. I was in middle school and a size six, and she'd grab my "love handles" and tell me how awful I looked and how I was getting fat and that I needed to wear clothes that fit me.  She would take pictures of me from behind to show how fat I was. She, no joke, had them in with our family albums.  When I mentioned them to her at a later date, she gas lighted me about them and said they were accidental. I obviously have a really hard time, and compounded with some bonus health problems, I'm like 100 lbs overweight and it's so beyond a struggle to re-establish a healthy relationship with food.

**u/SiaMaya** (58 points)

This is so beautiful. Thank you so much for sharing. I also often feel like I am being given a chance to "redo" some part of childhood with my daughter and it is incredibly empowering and healing to make better choices than were made for us. This is not easy, to break cycles and do better than was done to us. There is no roadmap and often we don't have any sort of role model to look up to and model our parenting after. It's challenging but so worthwhile and so rewarding. I'm so happy you got to have this moment to build love and appreciation into your family. Sometimes when I am doing this I try to access that hurt child that still lives inside of me, and parent her a little too. I know you are just as beautiful on the inside &lt;3

**u/mudslideme** (58 points)

I love this. It can be a major achievement just to recognize those scars.

**u/teaprincess** (45 points)

Somewhat recently, I wondered to myself why I was a target for bullies growing up and someone said this phrase. Instantly, it made total sense why others saw the vulnerability in me: someone else had to be the first. Intentionally or not, I definitely feel that my mother was my first bully.

**u/MerpMerp5** (42 points)

LOVE This!!! Congrats - you have officially kept your childhood crazy from affecting your kids!!

**u/paleosue** (39 points)

I disagree OP that your daughter will never think of that moment! I think she will hold it in the back of her mind anytime the world kicks her pants in. And what a boost of confidence to her for her to know her mother thinks she’s beautiful inside and out.

**u/Bellamy1715** (39 points)

So, now I'm crying. 

Thank you for breaking the cycle. Thank you for being a better person than you were taught to be.

And I'm sure you are beautiful, too.

**u/luckycharms4life** (36 points)

Because of my nmom, I thought I was fat and then I got fat cause why bother ya know? #awesome lol

**u/honest_to_god_people** (35 points)

I just wanted to pass by and say **THANK YOU.** 

&amp;#x200B;

Thank you for sharing your story in that awful moment, then showing how you responded with compassion and confidence, despite not having been on the receiving end. 

&amp;#x200B;

Go look in the mirror at your beautiful lips and speak to the little you, the way you so beautifully spoke to your daughter :)

**u/TheTwinLamps** (35 points)

Yeah this is totally fucked, good god. My sister was OBSESSED with her “forehead wrinkles” well before she turned 18. You know, the way your face moves when you raise your eyebrows? Like every other person who emotes? She started Botoxing the shit out of her forehead as soon as she could and now she has a robotic gaze because her FOREHEAD DOESN’T MOVE. The shit they lock onto in pursuit of “perfection” never ceases to amaze.

**u/Eljlovesryder** (33 points)

Sounds like your mom was somewhat religious? I swear they think they're so "godly" when they're the ugliest people of all. I am so glad you were able to make your daughter feel beautiful and not repeat the cycle. You deserve a pat on the back! Be proud of yourself ❤❤

**u/patti1984** (31 points)

You seemed to have misplaced the onions over here.  Please collect them so my eyes will stop watering (I'm not crying on my lunch I swear!)

**u/JosieAlcott** (30 points)

All the power to you!! Break that cycle!
