# My Mother's friends all shut her down when she told a story about my "badness"

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/Spontanemoose  
**Score:** 8,637  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/aghb9f/my_mothers_friends_all_shut_her_down_when_she/  

---

For context, when I was three years old, I was in the washroom and decided to try on my mom's necklace. In all fairness, it was a beautiful thing that she had worn to her wedding. But I dropped in in the toilet. Then, 3 year old, impulsive, later to be diagnosed ADHD me, flushed it. And obviously, it flushed, never to be seen again. 

I have always felt terrible about this. I have apologized for many, many years. Age 6, age 9, age 13 - *I'm sorry mom for flushing your necklace down the toilet.* I'm sure we're all familiar with those petty, insulted responses.

&amp;#x200B;

So recently, at a dinner party with all of her neighbourhood friends, Mom decides to pipe up and tell the story of how awful little u/Spontanemoose destroyed her property. One-upping everyone's light-hearted tales, of course.

Mom starts the story: "*When* u/Spontanemoose *was three-"*

Here she gets cut off by "Tom", a teacher, great guy: "*She was three? Shouldn't she have been supervised!?"*

Mom didn't even get to tell her story! The entire party agreed with Tom instantly, *no-way it's the three-year-old's fault!* My mother was stunned and didn't say anything as the conversation moved on. 

&amp;#x200B;

I have never felt that amazed, and god, so fucking relieved.

---

## Top Comments

**u/AviK80** (2,762 points)

Narcs pathologize childhood spontaneity (along with any other human behavior out of their control) and have no concept of the natural innocence of small children. The inevitable, unintentional accidents children cause are always perceived as deliberate and spiteful.

**u/_left_of_center** (1,226 points)

Omg I just had a revelation. I’ve been slowly backing away from a friend because of the way she talks about her kids. One kid is always on her nerves, another is “a little shit.” And they’re not, they’re just normal, actually fairly polite, little kids. If she’s a narc, that explains so much! Holy cow...

**u/Modorox** (563 points)

For a different perspective, I've known a fair few people who talk about their kids this way but never in ear shot and they dote upon their kids when they are present. They just vent the stress to some safe people. This is also juxtaposed with their kids latest achievements. I am not saying this person is not a narc but rather that this behaviour occurs outside of narcissism, too.

**u/elola** (549 points)

When I was three-ish, I impulsively drew a smiley face on a closet. My dad was in the room and as soon as I finished I burst into tears-I was so freaked out that I had done it- it was like my arm had a mind of its own. My dad laughed and gave me a big hug and said he loved it. I’m so thankful for him.

**u/NilkiMay** (410 points)

God how i hate those neverending examples of badness. My ngma used to fault me for a lot but I will never forget her stupid measuring cup. 
The cup was about 10 years old when i first touched the thing. It was clear plastic and at most she paid like 10 bucks for it. 
It broke and I dont think she has forgiven me yet. Its been like 25 years but that stupid thing is a beacon example of how clumsy and uncaring I am. I hate it

**u/-clover-** (378 points)

My mother still holds three year old me stuff against me. 

I might have even been two, but I got ahold of a knife and stabbed huge holes into the back of brand new couch. To this day, my mom is mad at me for it. So much so that she said when I get my first couch, she's going to cut holes in it, because she deserves to.

Psycho crazy pants. Thankfully, I realized how ridiculous it was a long time ago and stopped caring.

**u/morteetdabo94** (357 points)

Hahahaha.... this is so great. Good for them for pointing out how ridiculous she is.

**u/ThaneOfCawdorrr** (325 points)

I just realized that my Mom ALWAYS did this-- when I was 5, my new baby sister was in her bassinet downstairs, and started crying, and my mom was upstairs, ignoring her.  So I hurried over to the bassinet and tried to push it upstairs to get to my mom.  Of course I failed, because I WAS FIVE, the bassinet tipped onto its side and my sister ALMOST BUT DID NOT FALL OUT, SHE WAS FINE.   But for the rest of all time my mom told the rollicking story about how "you pushed your sister down the stairs"--no matter how many times I objected, corrected, pointed out that I was FIVE, that I WAS TRYING TO HELP, oh and by the way, I WAS THE ONE ACTUALLY BEING RESPONSIBLE IN THIS PICTURE (I was always the one taking care of my younger sister and brother).   What IS that?

**u/saramole** (300 points)

Yes, my mother was telling some "family legend" story about how awful I was as a baby and how she was sure my new baby was going to be just as bad. My husband shut her down and said babies are not bad, she must have missed something with me crying that much. After hearing that story about myself for over 30 years she has never raised it again. It is so freeing to have their blame placed where it belongs, squarely on them. 

Unfortunately it isn't just N'rents. My 5 yr old was told by an ER Dr she was "bad" for falling and hurting her arm. She wasn't doing anything wrong, and making her out to be naughty was not going to heal the arm or change her behaviour, which was not bad or wrong in the first place.

**u/Yourwtfismyftw** (219 points)

Fucking hell! At the risk of plagiarising the response from OP’s story- you were TWO and able to ACCESS AND WIELD a knife long enough to do that without getting caught?! It’s lucky you didn’t hurt yourself! This is definitely her deflecting from how horribly she let you down in not supervising you/keeping you from dangerous things (and I *have* a really active toddler).

**u/bookobsessedgoth** (183 points)

My mother does this shit all the time. Especially the story about how I broke her fingers. I was two. 

My version of the story:

She had taken me to the bank with her. She was doing something at one of those counters off to the side, just inside the bank entrance, most likely balancing her checkbook or something. It was taking a while. Being a two year old with ADHD, I got bored. I discovered that the cabinet under that counter thing, where they kept extra envelopes and stuff, wasn't locked. I started playing with the door, swinging it back and forth between my hands. 

Mom told me to stop. I closed it, sat there for a little bit, and then opened it again to continue playing with the door. I remember I really enjoyed the feeling of pushing the door back and forth with my fingertips. I thought it felt neat.

So my mom gets mad that I'm playing with it again. She reached down. I thought she was reaching for me, so I freaked out a bit and tried to close the cabinet. The door wouldn't close. The top of the cabinet door was higher than my head, so I didn't know she'd tried to grab the door, and her fingers were now caught in it. She yelled. I started to panic because if she was yelling, it probably meant I was getting a whipping when we got home. I didn't want her to be mad at me, so I tried harder to close the door. She yelled louder. I was convinced that it was because I hadn't closed the door yet, and I was really panicking, so I put all my two-year-old weight into trying to close the door. Someone grabbed me and pulled me away from the cabinet. That's all I remember of it.

My mother's version is that I just didn't want to stop playing with it, there's no way I didn't know her fingers were trapped in the door, and I deliberately broke her fingers out of spite or something. 

The whole thing could have been avoided if she'd let me bring a toy, or didn't regularly threaten me with/give me spankings for doing anything she didn't like while it in public, or if she had spoken to me calmly instead of regularly yelling at me. I was two years old, and I was already afraid of her. It took me a long time to realize just how fucked up that was.

Narcissists will find any way to make themselves the victim in a story.

**u/FloridAussie** (166 points)

One of the key differences, IME, is that a decent parent might need to vent for a little while, but they do forgive and forget, a week or month or year later. And it's not evidence that their kid is terrible, just a bad thing they did once.

I pulled a cat's tail when I was 2. I have no memory of it; I only know about it because Nmom used it as evidence that I was a cruel, sadistic person for literally decades afterwards... projection at its very finest. 

Nparents keep score forever, IME, and they blow small incidents of childishness up into character-defining moments.

**u/_left_of_center** (164 points)

I can’t. I can’t do it. I would love to, but she is a black hole and I don’t have the reserves to do it

**u/physicslover69** (162 points)

One time my brother and sister were playing on a seesaw swing (not sure what they are called but one of those 2 seater swings) and of course I was "too old" at 8 to play on the playground equipment and my dad told me to push my brother (3) and my sister (5) on the stupid seesaw swing. 

Naturally my brother fell off because he was 3 years old and not old enough to properly hold himself up on that type of swing. I caught him before he fell on the ground so he didn't hurt himself, what I didn't anticipate was the swing coming back and hitting him in the head. Apparently I was supposed to just let him fall or even better not let him fall in the first place. 

This story is still one of my dads favourite. "Oh he got that scar because physicslover69 doesn't care enough about her siblings to pay attention to them" umm, how about you don't leave a child to watch more children on dangerous playground equipment that is banned for a reason?

**u/saigon13** (147 points)

Before a family get together just buy a new measuring cup. If it comes up again just retrieve it from your car and say you had a replacement ready for this moment.

**u/AvalancheMaster** (145 points)

It definitely does. There's also quite the difference between acting spiteful or manipulative towards your kids, and just being a hardliner parent, like Lois from Malcolm in the middle.

Swearing is much more tolerated in my culture, and boy, I tell you, the stuff I've heard mothers tell their children might chill your bones if you were to translate them into the American vernacular.

**u/SoulfulPunk** (143 points)

Don't worry about it, it's not on you.

**u/Spontanemoose** (133 points)

I'm so happy to have one good parent!!

**u/bookobsessedgoth** (128 points)

What the fuck was wrong with that doctor? Who DOES that?!

**u/kitkat9000take5** (115 points)

And it's always a third party who manages to shut them down because little to nothing you say is ever *really* heard.

So glad to hear that it happened and you got to experience it.

**u/_left_of_center** (110 points)

Look, I know you guys are feeling for these kids. We’ve all been in their shoes. But the deal is, I already have an Nmom to deal with, and an NEx. I can’t deal with her. I can’t handle more vengeance, I can’t do another extinction burst, I can’t listen to another person tell me that I’m horrible because I won’t kiss their ass. No. I can’t take that. I’ve built a life where nobody ever yells at me. I won’t go back.

**u/-clover-** (109 points)

I have two boys - 3 &amp; 4. The couple times they've managed to grab a knife from the dishwasher was with adults standing right there. We got the knife back within seconds each time, and we've since starting closing the dishwasher whenever they're in the room if we're emptying it. Either that or we get the knives up first.

There's no way they can reach them, and they're never unsupervised in the kitchen. So, it's like...I look at that, and I look at the story. Wtf was wrong with my parents?

The best part. My dad was sleeping on the couch when I did it. Same situation, him sleeping on couch, when I was 2 and cut my own hair with scissors. Lots of stories from my childhood involve my parents sleeping and me being totally alone.

**u/McDuchess** (109 points)

What you can do, though, is to do what OP heard her mother’s friend say, “He’s not being a shit, he’s being a kid. Kids don’t understand things the way we do. If you want them to behave differently, you have to show them, not call them Naomi’s.”

If you are backing away from the relationship, it may die sooner when you call her on the way she talks about her kids. But she won’t be able to say that she wasn’t told, will she? And imagine if they hear you stick up for them!

**u/digg_survivor** (97 points)

Wow, my Nmom admitted to me that the reason she hit me so much as a kid was because she believed I was supposed to be like a (her words) little adult and behave. Like she had no idea that kids were kids. She's apologized to me but I don't know, I don't believe it because she still belittles me as a 29 year old adult.

**u/Wall-Flower93** (93 points)

That great! Way to go Tom!   

Also, it was not your fault her necklace got flushed. As was pointed out she should have been watching you AND she should have kept it out of your reach.
