# Mentioned to my husband how loudly he walks. He said, "Yes, I was never punished for reminding my parents that I exist."

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/Ralynne  
**Score:** 8,533  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/dpff2t/mentioned_to_my_husband_how_loudly_he_walks_he/  

---

It's nice we can bluntly talk about it.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Bossatronio69** (2,542 points)

Your husband said it perfectly. He seems to be very understanding of what you went through. I always get told that I walk loudly and open my bedroom door loudly but no one else seems to have a problem with it.

**u/AngryGoose** (1,009 points)

I've been told I'm very quiet generally. Then I remember how much my dad hated any kind of noise from us kids.

**u/TerryLovesThrowaways** (780 points)

It's weird, second-guessing yourself all the time because you think you're being a bother. Took me years to stop. I have some good friends who celebrate my quirks (they do point out mistakes as good friends ought to, so I'm certain I haven't just found enablers of my own, phew!)

**u/fetusfieldgoalkick** (416 points)

Same here with my quietness. My dad hated noise too. God forbid one of us laughs too loudly. I could still hear his footsteps stomping down the creaky wooden steps from his room. If we heard that, we knew we were fucked. We’d usually hide.

**u/ChinaCatLogan** (387 points)

Yeah I used to scare my roommates all the time, and I couldn't figure out why they walk so loud.

**u/Spangler30** (322 points)

My dad refered to me as "creepy", because I would always try to creep around and not make a sound, then get berated for "why are you creeping around!!" I thought that i was trying to be polite, in reality I was just completely terrified.

**u/uhjuswonderin** (281 points)

Oof if I dared make noise while father was home.... I remember holding really tight onto door knobs to make sure I was in total control of the noise. I live above somebody now and often find myself too scared to walk around or move things or anything. 
Thank u for sharing.

**u/SarcasticSilvenstar** (230 points)

My coworkers always complain that I sneak up on them. Meanwhile, I can hear them from the second they step in the building.

**u/drumadarragh** (219 points)

Yes, I live with teenagers who are never slow about hitting me with reality

**u/asleeden** (209 points)

Oh that hits me hard!!!! I totally recognize what you did!!!!! But what an insightful response..... really really helpful to me even remotely!!!!! Please thank your husband for his insights.... from me... from New Zealand!!!!!

**u/WhatTheFuckIsInAName** (175 points)

I do this too. Hearing garage doors or keys  jangling, I have to jump up and somehow validate my existence to show I wasn’t just sitting “being lazy”

**u/[deleted]** (171 points)

I got told that I spoke too loudly by my parents especially my mother. However literally everyone else says I'm soft spoken, quiet, etc.

**u/tinyoctopus1102** (166 points)

I’ve had this conversation with my boyfriend. I’m used to toeing the floor and circling around creaks, even 5+ years later. My boyfriend and his mother caught me doing it on separate occasions. 

Boyfriend was like “oh wow. You don’t need to do that.” he knew the situation. His mother looked at me funny and I had already felt like I was loud, so I apologized, and she was like “what? You’re apologizing for walking on a loud floor?” 

I’ve also been told I’m too soft spoken when I was consistently told my voice was too loud and that I was practically shouting at home. I’m still not sure where my voice volume is at, realistically.

**u/LateNightLattes01** (133 points)

Same!!! I can hear people enter a room from the other end of a house, and hear someone silently existing behind a door (my dad would do before he kicked the door open/down/through it and all hell would break loose). It’s like a freaky sixth sense now.   
That and I can 100% always tell when a camera is pointed at me- my parents took waaaay too many invasive “home videos” when I was a kid.

**u/ferf_goffllett** (133 points)

&gt;I thought that i was trying to be polite, in reality I was just completely terrified.

I had the same exact experience. I still creep around my own house. Childhood habits built by trauma die hard

**u/ferf_goffllett** (128 points)

When I was a child, due to constant fat shaming, I would usually skip dinner with my family and either have some leftovers later or have to sneak something during the night. I was always as quiet as i possibly could have been, but still got berated and belittled by my father about "sneaking around the kitchen for food". (Coming from a man who ate midnight miracle whip sammiches on the reg). 

I would make sandwiches in the dark, cut bags open to avoid the loud crunchy crinkly noises, and ate things cold because I was too scared to microwave them (I still don't microwave leftovers and open the door before the timer DING goes off).

My father also yelled at me for such loud and obnoxious reminders of my existence such as popping my knuckles, sneezing, hiccuping, coughing wrong (whatever the hell that meant), talking too loud, and reading out loud (to myself in my own room with the door closed. Had to make a reading nook in the closet so they couldn't hear me).

**u/ferf_goffllett** (121 points)

I did the same. My father would call when he was leaving work as a "warning" that he was on the way home. If he got home and you were busy doing chores, you were yelled at for not doing them as soon as you got home. And if he got home and you were sitting on your butt, he made some comment about *I bet you rushed around the house trying to get your chores done before i got home. If I hadn't've called you'd still be working on em.* like, you literally couldn't win. 

Even as an adult, he'd come to visit and would warn me he was on the way so I had time to clean for him. After meeting my partner (who helped me find my voice), i was able to tell me father that if he didn't like the way i kept my house, he was more than welcome to hire me a maid (which was a very obvious "go f*ck yourself").

**u/warmflannelsheets** (121 points)

I scare the shit out of my husband all the time he says its like I teleport when I move from room to room so silently. Been sneakin my whole life dude it's just natural now

**u/respect_the_potato** (118 points)

Idk if this is entirely a narcissist thing. People slamming doors and stomping around stresses me out way more than it does most people even though I was never berated for being too loud as a kid or anything like that. If I ever had children (which I don't plan on), I might blow up on them about being too loud and then feel massively guilty afterward.

**u/spinningpeanut** (117 points)

I still get a panic attack when I hear a garage door open. I associate with screaming about a single item on the kitchen counter or I'm watching TV. I hear that door open I fled at full speed to my room, door or not.

**u/tinyblackgoat** (113 points)

What a great way to put it. When I was still with N relatives, I had to clean behind myself every step, god forbid I leave evidence of my existence outside of my own room. :/ and yet GC could leave his stuff anywhere.

**u/TerryLovesThrowaways** (106 points)

Such blessed beings 😂

**u/[deleted]** (99 points)

Dang all he wanted was control over you. I'm sorry you went through that:(

**u/WilliBoi013** (97 points)

As someone whose stride has been permanently changed (and not for the better) in order to walk quietly in the house, this hits close to home.

(I’m 6’, and our house is small, and those bedroom is directly below mine, walking quiet enough is not simple.)

**u/me_bell** (95 points)

&gt;god forbid I leave evidence of my existence outside of my own room.

As a 50 year old only child of, what I now know is,  a narcissistic mom, this thread hits deeply, yet, weirdly. I had no one to discuss these things with most times because we "didn't talk about our business" outside of home. But, since my 20s I have been in some sort of professional or self-guided therapy because of Her. 

So, a lot of the headlines I see in this thread punch me  in the gut FOR THE POSTER because I remember how horrible it was to still be totally caught up in and enmeshed with my mom's narc b.s. even as a young adult. The only social media were chat rooms so there was nowhere to share my day-to-day torture as y'all can here. I just had diary after diary to "talk to". 

As time as progressed, our relationship changed ONLY because I demanded it and I could ONLY do so, honestly, because she needs me and I realized that. So, she keeps her behaviors in check- remember I'm 50 and an only...

Said allllllllll that to say, I'm no longer in that same relationship dynamic but sometimes you guys share something that I have never uttered aloud and have never heard anyone else say but it was my life and no one knew.

"God forbid I leave EVIDENCE OF MY EXISTENCE OUTSIDE MY ROOM". THAT. shit. hit. home.

I'm sorry you had to go through that as well.
