# Two days ago, I found out my disease I've had since I was 6, for fifteen years, was curable and my parents were lying to me.

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/Ashinonyx  
**Score:** 8,313  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/k2bvv8/two_days_ago_i_found_out_my_disease_ive_had_since/  

---

When I was around 6, I started developing eczema, or atopic dermatitis rashes around my hands and arms.

Progressively, they've gotten worse, and now at 21 the rashes cover over 60% of my body, constantly bleeding, reacting painfully to movement or even water from showering. That's where I'm at right now. I have a computer to type this on, but I'm in bed typing this with my thumbs on my phone. It's even on my palms and the tips of my fingers now.

Growing up, I would ask my parents to take me to a doctor about it -- they were both full time workers with successful careers and plenty of income, but they even rejected an allergy screening while they bought a third car between themselves (A 2006 Miata convertible), citing how expensive it would be to test me. When I finally worked enough to get my own healthcare and took my screening, it was $20.

By that point, however, I was already distancing myself. I knew something was wrong with me, but they told me for years and years that I was being overdramatic, that these symptoms were in my head. When I was 19, still in college, they excommunicated me for questioning my gender identity and made me homeless. I'm now 21 and still haven't spoken with them since. Thankfully I've been transitioning on my own with great success and have a place to stay, so no worries there.

Two days ago, I responded to an advertisement for medical volunteers for atopic dermatitis research, and met with the doctors. As it turns out, they're researching an injection and a pill based medications that would merely be a *competitor* to medication that has been successful and FDA approved ***for years***.

***For years***, there has been an answer to my sleepless nights and bloodied sheets. My inability to run or swim or exercise. My waking up to flaky, itchy skins all over my legs. At worst I would maybe have watery eyes, but I would have had clear skin as early as middle school.

The doctors criticized the weak medications my parents allowed me to take instead, and cited their severe side effects and long term issues, disgusted at my parents neglect. 

It was the validation I've needed for 15 years. Had COVID-19 not been a concern, I'd have cried in their arms and not simply in my seat. I've been approved to begin participating as a volunteer for their medication, and am being paid and covered for all related treatments. 

I've lost my job months ago due to my condition worsening beyond being capable of... pretty much any jobs, so having essentially free healthcare is exhilarating.

If I'd never distanced myself from my family...
I'd probably never have had this medication. Suicidality is high in my level of severity, the nurses told me, and I believe it.

Anyways, I just wanted to write this so that others can learn just how damaging and crippling it can be to not trust your children when they tell you they're sick. For years.

Overdramatic, my ass.

Edit: I've been reading all of your lovely responses, and I want to thank you all for your thoughts and blessings. I feel like one of those kids we'd write get-well cards for in elementary.

Well, I guess I am one of those kids, huh. It's a new experience, one I should have had a while ago. Thank you all so much, it's been hard to be NC for so long but I'm finally starting to get better about it.

---

## Top Comments

**u/K-Dub76** (1,145 points)

This neglect hits close to home.  I had a skin condition (not eczema) as well when I was a teenager that my n-mother continually said that “there’s nothing we can do about it”, even though I had friends and acquaintances with the condition who were put on a medication to clear it up.  We had health insurance, too. 

Congrats on taking control of your life.  I hope you continue to have an improved quality of life.  You deserve it.

**u/nomosecrets** (1,009 points)

So glad you are now able to get the treatment. Must be frustrating and angering to find out there was treatment all along that they just wouldn’t help to get. But good for you for taking it upon yourself and not letting their limiting thinking hold you back.

**u/baboonsaretrash** (510 points)

Same here. As a kid, I developed bruises all over my body in a very short time. The pain was almost unbearable and my limbs became stiff. My father forced me to get up from my chair even though I cried in pain because he thought I was being overdramatic. It turned out to be a rare autoimmune disease and I was in hospital for a long time.

**u/saltycaptainred** (324 points)

I am both heart broken and overjoyed for you. First, your parents. I can't even. To let you suffer to that extent brings up a lot of a similar situations in my own childhood. I'm so sorry about that, even though I know I can't really apologize on their behalf.

Second though, I'm so excited for you to get better.  Take some before pictures, write a journal entry, and be prepared to reclaim so much more besides your physical health. I think the progress you're about to make is going to be mind-blowing.  What that much eczema would do to you...I'm excited for you to feel unlimited and able to participate in the healthy, happy life you deserve. I hope the journey goes really well and you remember, you're worth every second of that treatment and every good thing that follows it.

**u/hellknight101** (212 points)

Very similar situation here. My Nmom said that everything was all in my head, despite concrete evidence that it wasn't. She denied many of my medical issues, including my skin conditions. Healthcare in my home country is free so she had absolutely no excuse not to have me taken to a dermatologist. And my dad is very into alternative medicine and doesn't really like listening to "people in gowns"...

I guess wanting your parents to have your health taken care of is rude, inconsiderate and selfish. I'm still so mad about how neglected I was.

**u/Clicker27** (176 points)

Mine isn't so severe but I also have a type of dermatitis on my scalp. I've been told all my life "Oh it's just like severe dandruff, so only dandruff stuff will fix it." I've probably tried every dandruff shampoo out there and none of it worked so my family just doused my hair in nizorol 2-3 times a week starting at probably age 5. No wonder it burned, the stuff is literally an acid based shampoo to kill fungus! Everyone who's dealt with my hair has just said I'm lazy and unhygienic, I'm not but who would really want to wash their hair willingly 2-3 times a week (and 2-3 times each session!) when it's constantly painful? I've dealt with bleeding scabs for years, painful itchiness &amp; slowly thinning hair. I moved out in March &amp; I tried some natural bar soaps. Guess what... it's nearly gone. All it took was removing the heavy chemicals from my shampoo. "Natural/bar soaps are silly. They don't do anything, you're just paying for hand soap and water mixed with random natural plant stuff." Uhh no. It's just the way shampoo used to be without all that nasty damaging stuff. If only they listened. I've had it my entire life, literally from the day I was born, and it took 23 years to just NOW figure this out?! I still can't believe it. I hope by next year my hair is a little fuller but who knows what the damage is by now.  


I'm so glad you figured your situation out, I hope they're able to give you some relief!

**u/Ashinonyx** (158 points)

When I told them I wasn't interested in dating women, they told me they needed time to grieve their dead child.

When I told them I wanted to change my name, they treated me like a stranger.

I ran into my mother one final time at the grocery store by chance. I broke, asking her for at least a hug. She asked if she was going to hug Ashley or her son, and I told her I was Ash.

She turned around, and walked away, and that was the last time I saw her.

**u/Ashinonyx** (154 points)

I'm not crying you're crying

**u/toobadiremember** (134 points)

It's so weird to me. I'll never get over it. When faced with cold hard proof that treatment is available, cheap, and necessary - they collapse into a pile of 'there's nothing I can do'? It doesn't make any sense. And it seems like they believe it? I don't get it.

My mom was a capable woman. Pretty high in her industry that was very male dominated. My brother wrote a poem about her in middle school comparing her to a junkyard pitbull (lol. Got called into the principal's office over it because the teacher was concerned). I've seen her not accept no for an answer and fight till the bitter end over what she thinks is right. 

And then there would be these scenarios. Where the solution is so obvious and there's literally nothing in the way. Like, this thing that has dire consequences for you they decide on a whim, and there's nothing you can do to change their mind.

**u/Justbecauseitcameup** (117 points)

A combination of "If I don't think it is important it is not" and "I prefer them to be in my control and if I treat the disease they're independent" the latter is unconscious though

**u/BishmillahPlease** (110 points)

I wish I could hug you. Your parents are disgusting.

**u/Ashinonyx** (105 points)

Ah yes, I have the same problem, because of course it's on my scalp too.

I have long, straight, jet black hair, and nowadays I only use shampoo every other time I shower, sometimes only every three times. I just use normal shampoo with some rosemary in it.

Afterwards, I follow up with a keratin cream to strengthen the hair and oils on it, and rinse it off.

Both men and women probably don't need to shampoo their hair every day! It's a microbiome, it's healthier if you let it live a little, it turns out.

Both parents and hair need to have a sort of hands-off approach sometimes.

Glad you figured something out too!

**u/TunaMeltSandwich** (76 points)

Dear lord, I have no words. I'm so glad you made it out, I can't image what they were thinking when they let you suffer like that.

**u/Notaspooon** (71 points)

My narcissist father was jealous of my looks, so he didn’t allow me to have acne treatment when I was fifteen. For next three year I had worst acne in class. One of the absolute worst, it destroyed my whole skin on face. Finally I went to doctor when I was eighteen. Luckily I got co2 fractional laser at age 30. And I started to look better since then. These narcissists are insecure losers and snakes.

**u/Ashinonyx** (66 points)

Oh, it's just a little blood. It hurts? Come on, don't be a crybaby.

You're supposed to be a man.

Supposed to be.

Quit whining.

**u/moggywarbucks** (65 points)

Dude this same thing happened to me. I was covered in severe eczema from 7-16. Like I'm a black chick and I scratched so much my arms and legs were white and raw constantly. Sometimes id scratch so deep that like there wouldn't be blood just a yellowish ooze and it would crust up and make shirts/pants stick to my skin and I'd have to peel my clothes off!! It fucking sucked. The first time I went to a doctor and didn't have a parent come with me, I mentioned my eczema and they gave me an ointment and the shit went away in like a week 🙄🙄 I got bullied so much, could never wear shorts, had to carry around a huge tub of vaseline because it was the only thing that kept me moisturize (so much teasing from that lol like yeah I'm 13 n carry around vaseline cus I'm having crazy anal all day!!) It's so selfish that they both knowingly let me suffer for years. My dad used to say I need to let me eczema dry out?? Like wtf lol

**u/madpiratebippy** (63 points)

It's official.

You're my son now. What do you want for your christmas stocking? I will send you some Hot Wheels for xmas. Do you have enough socks? Have you eaten? Are you wearing a sweater?

Althought it might get weird a bit because my wife is Ashe but fuck it. You can join the rest of us over here at the House Of Disowned Queer People With Autoimmune Disorders. Our christmas tree? Rainbow gay. You have three moms now. One is trans and will kick your ass at video games. I hope you like pie because I made 5 for thanksgiving and we need help eating them all.

PS- I'm proud of you and the man you're becoming.

EDIT: Got the Gender change wrong, maybe?

PS- I'm proud of you and the woman you're becoming. If you were denied girl toys I'll send you dolls or whatever gender affirming toys you want. Whichever direction you're going, I'm proud of you for becoming your own person and becoming a strong, independent adult.

**u/CaptainTrips1919** (56 points)

That sounds like a horrible experience. I believe you. I am sending you very gentle, non-touching/ skin rubbing hugs right now. 

My narcissistic mother had Munchausen. She was always making up illnesses and injuries, and even going so far as to eat a diet that made her ill so she would have stomach illnesses to complain about. When I developed celiac disease (symptoms include extreme fatigue, rashes, digestive symptoms and weight loss) she would tell me daily how ugly I was. Accused me of being anorexic and starving myself for attention. I didn't get diagnosed until I was 21 because I believe that feeling so awful was normal.

**u/stalactose** (52 points)

My step brother broke his arm and my dad told him to go sleep it off, because he didn’t believe it was broken. It’s considered a fun family joke to tell around holiday tables. At least, it was many years ago before I went NC.

**u/little500HondaCBR** (47 points)

LOL  "Both parents and hair need to have a sort of hands-off approach sometimes."

In the case of your parents, I would modify that to a "not-with-a-bargepole" approach ;-)

I'm so sorry they don't recognize their funny, articulate, stoic, incredibly brave daughter. But we do!! The RBN army salutes you, ma'am!!

**u/MotherhoodEst2017** (44 points)

Oh sweetheart I am so sorry you had to go through that. Have a big mom hug from a random internet stranger, ❤️ 
I hope things are better for you now!!!

**u/_Conway_** (44 points)

Same for me but mines a genetic condition I was showing pretty much all the symptoms die and my mother claimed I was faking. I’ve been showing the symptoms since I was 9 and without fail every time I menstruated I was in so much pain I couldn’t eat or drink for days at a time. Sleep and movement were a no go during as well. Yeah sure I’m faking.

**u/DireLiger** (42 points)

&gt;*"I prefer them to be in my control and if I treat the disease they're independent"* 

\^ This.

**u/Throwaway103819** (40 points)

My illness was a gastro intestinal thing. The doctors never really gave me a legit name for it but it effected my stomach lining. I suffered for about 9 years when I couldve been taking a single pill. It took 2 doctors appointments and one minor surgery to figure it out. I spent years constantly sick and not wanting to eat because anything I ate made my stomach worse but according to my mother I was faking it. At one point I also developed cellulitis in my feet and was told by a doctor to not leave my bed unless I had to use the restroom or it was an emergency. Well. I was stuck walking to and from school. Taking care of 2 toddlers. Cleaning and cooking. Extended my recovery by months. And now im highly susceptible to cellulitis.
