# She died

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/nearbypassenger2  
**Score:** 8,223  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/e0270s/she_died/  

---

She’s dead, she killed herself last week and I was 6 months NC with her. I entered my childhood home and was able to pick up my things, there were pictures of me next to her bedside with her blood splattered on the wall. She died with us being on bad terms, or so I thought, she left me a suicide note that basically said that she loved me and she is sorry she couldn’t give me a better life. She admitted that she was sick, and she apologized to me. She told me she would always be watching out for me and she wrote me a check for 5,000. 


It’s over, she shot herself.  I was raised by a narcissist, and now it’s up to me to put together the pieces. 

This community has given me so much strength, be strong, be brave, keep your head up.  

“Please be happy and break the chain, do not be sad for me
love you forever, mommy”

---

## Top Comments

**u/Dreamygirl085** (2,278 points)

My NM also did the same. She killed herself after about 5 months NC. Her letter wasn't as kind as yours sadly. But I'm glad she left you wish some type of kindness. And as fucked up as it sounds, I'm also glad it's over for you.

**u/33838374992** (1,359 points)

This is really complicated and I really feel for you. It is very hard. I really believe these narcissists sometimes even if cruelly, they do love us in one way or another. I remember they were also victims of abuse, that’s how a narcissist is born and it affected them and especially how they raised us. What they did will never be justified, their abuse to us will never be justified, but they too were victims of the environment just like us. I feel she wanted to change and the guilt of hurting you so terribly possibly made her end her life. That’s not on you, that was her fault. It’s sad. Narcissists, I see they are still human, just with a lot more faults than a normal person. If she had therapy things might have been better. As she is not here and because you had to deal with the hurt from her, you need therapy and support especially in these times too. Overtime things will get better. Anyways, may she Rest In Peace and may you keep on going with your path towards recovery, healing and freedom. Sending you lots of love

**u/nearbypassenger2** (1,298 points)

At the end of the day, she was human. She put me through 21 years of abuse but she was still my mom, I was her only child. After she passed all my anger towards her went away, she was stubborn as hell but she did love me. It brings me such peace to know she didn’t die with anger in her heart for me.

**u/DEAR_Mr_Eco** (739 points)

I’m sending you a huge internet hug. It’s not much but it’s all I have to offer. I’m so sorry for what you went through.

**u/joyintherapy406** (591 points)

My Nmom died from suicide too while I was NC.  I feel for you.  Do you have good support?

**u/nearbypassenger2** (547 points)

Yes, I am currently in therapy and I have been for a few months and there is a support group called HALOS that is for people who knew people who have committed suicide. I intent to break the chain of mental illness I am stronger than it. 
Be strong too, you have a whole community behind you who supports you.

**u/awkwardbabyseal** (359 points)

I'm glad she gave you that kindness in the wake of her death. I'm glad she had the presence of mind to make sure she told you that she held herself accountable for her actions and didn't hold anything against you for doing what you had to to protect yourself. 

The death of an abusive parent brings up a lot of *complicated grief*. It's okay to feel conflicting emotions with this. It's all too common for the adult children of abusive parents to feel sadness, loss, and relief when the parent(s) pass. 

Do take care, and continue to be kind to yourself.

**u/Dreamygirl085** (281 points)

Your internet hug is more than enough! Thank you! I sincerely appreciate it. I actually made a post about it . I have never shared with others. Reddit is the first place I've done so. Thankfully its been 9 years since this all happen.

**u/irmaluff** (211 points)

A psychologist told me that narcissists are untreatable, because even if you got them into therapy the reality you can offer them can’t beat the fantasy they hold of themselves in their minds.

This is a really tough situation for OP. But we don’t know what else was going on in their mother’s life; there’s more reasons one would take their life than a single fall-out with a relative so I wouldn’t presume it was the guilt of that that was a major factor.

I’m glad for you OP that you got those words from your mother before she passed. You look after yourself, you’re gonna do just fine.

**u/giraffemoo** (149 points)

My abusive husband died last year. I have had very complicated feelings about all of it. Just remember to be kind to yourself and seek therapy if you need it. I felt a lot of relief when my husband died. But a lot of complicated feelings as well.

**u/DEAR_Mr_Eco** (128 points)

I don’t know that my mother was a victim. By all accounts my grandmother (Nanny) was a kind, good woman. The worst thing my nmom could say about her was that Nanny embarrassed her when she brought friends home because she prayed out loud in her bedroom. Like, really? That’s the WORST thing you could say about her? You were never physically / mentally / emotionally / sexually abused, you weren’t neglected or ignored. You never had to worry about strange men. You never experienced rape. Your mother just PRAYED too loudly. This EMBARRASSED you in front of your friends. Instead of being thankful to have a mother who cared enough to pray for you, to work so hard to provide for you, to send you to school, to throw the biggest 16th birthday party anyone in our small town had seen (granted, this is from a narcissist’s perspective), you were embarrassed. 

My grandfather, Nanny’s husband, was also a very gentle person. He died when my mom was 9. I feel Nanny overcompensated for his death by spoiling her kids. Nmom was made to feel she was perfect. Nanny tried to keep them accountable but she was heartbroken over the death of her husband. She could be easily manipulated. Nmom’s just been a narcissist as a result.

**u/Dreamygirl085** (121 points)

Its been 9 years as of July. Therapy really helped work though it. But I'm in a much better place now then when it happen. Thank you for asking. ❤

**u/zebedi_ogre** (114 points)

Oh hell that is horrible, I am so sorry you have to deal with a difficult and emotionally complicated situation. I think you should allow yourself to feel anything you want or nothing at all. You are still welcome in this community if you need to post about stuff. Just because she is dead doesn't mean the pain you suffered goes away or that you can automatically come to terms with it. Wishing you peace.

**u/SoberDWTX** (110 points)

My NC father died July 18, 2019. I never knew I could hate someone and love someone so much at the same time. He died while we were on bad terms. I did make it to his hospital bed 8 hours before he died. It doesn’t take away from the fact that I gave him 110% the last 20 of my 52 years. He was 85. Something was going to take him. The worst part? Finding out his secrets. 
My empathy and sympathy is with you.

**u/AccomplishedToday** (98 points)

&gt; A psychologist told me that narcissists are untreatable, because even if you got them into therapy the reality you can offer them can’t beat the fantasy they hold of themselves in their minds.

100% this. Can't help those that are not committed to change.

**u/J_G_B** (97 points)

For the people on this sub, emotions (and the circumstances) that bring us to this point are so confusing and incredibly difficult to navigate.

When my wife's parents both passed last year, the one thing that got her through it was a message that I read on here: Mourn the relationship that should have been and remember that none of this is your fault.

Love, peace and healing for you and your in the days to come.

**u/[deleted]** (88 points)

You are correct about this. There are 3 different types of narcissists, but I don’t remember the names of the 3 types. But one type does stem from abuse/trauma and one type comes from being overindulged/ having bad behavior encouraged as a child. I know my answer isn’t too clear, but you can google “types of narcissists” and read about them.

**u/natalooski** (84 points)

the stuff we have to go through and keep living is insane. you inspire me to be stronger. thank you for keeping on, and coming here to share. we need that sort of strength. :)

**u/joyintherapy406** (82 points)

It’s a strange ride, the grief.  We’re not alone! ❤️

**u/notyermum** (77 points)

I’m glad that, if nothing else, she was able to give you that peace. I’m so sorry.

**u/f41c10** (70 points)

How are you doing ?

**u/slug-in-a-rug** (70 points)

maybe it's not accurate to say that abuse is what births it, moreso that trauma does - often that trauma is from abuse, but losing your dad at age 9 is the kind of trauma that can seriously affect someones personality/ability to function

**u/nearbypassenger2** (60 points)

I got kicked out of her home because I tried to get her help, and she wasn’t ready to be confronted. I feel no guilt in my heart I tried so hard to get through to her but nothing would give, she was very stubborn and she told me in her note to me that she wishes she could  have done better. I tried so hard and I think towards the end she realized that.

**u/mickeyvv** (59 points)

Some people are born without empathy, sometimes npd is no ones fault BUT regardless of the origin, anyone can choose not to abuse another person. To abuse and to continually abuse is a choice. I think that is important to remember that during bouts of extreme nc guilt. It’s not our fault we were pushed to have to save ourselves. Good luck op, sending all the good vibes &amp; cyber hugs your way &lt;3
