# 18 years ago today, I used all of my birthday money to buy a set of dinnerware. They were sky blue ceramic with scalloped edges. I was 15 and dreaming of an escape. --I wanted a home I felt safe in more than anything, so I started building it the second I could.

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/roundaboutrich  
**Score:** 8,085  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/l5s8gy/18_years_ago_today_i_used_all_of_my_birthday/  

---

Ever since I was young, I've fantasized about a house that none of the abusers in my family had the address to. Nothing fancy-- but every door would be firmly on its hinge. I imagined myself safe there, with no eggshells to avoid and no egos to coddle. 

Well, I turn 33 today, and I just signed the lease on a house no one knows how to find but me. My best friend and I are celebrating by having cake and ice cream on my sky blue plates. 

Someday when it's safe again, I'm going to have a dinner party with my chosen family. 

And if someone accidentally breaks one, I'll sweep it up like it never happened and make sure no one is hurt-- because they are still *just fucking plates.* Everyone will feel safe in my house.



Update: I'm speechless right now. I thought maybe 15 people would read my post. I'm sitting at a gas station crying happy tears because of all the love you've poured out. I never would've been brave enough to go NC from my nfamily if not for this group and all the wisdom shared here. Thank you for being my support network. There were times internet strangers were all I had to keep me sane.

(My BFF took me on a road trip to an incredible greenhouse upstate to find plants to fill my new home with! I can't wait to start reading your replies when I get home in a few hours.)

---

## Top Comments

**u/epicstoryaddict7** (972 points)

I love this!! Congrats on your own, beautiful, safe place to call home!

**u/Tough_Location** (725 points)

You might be an internet stranger but I’m so happy for you..and I love your last paragraph

**u/Siixteentons** (675 points)

My wife comes from a narcissistic family. shortly after we got married in our first apartment, she dropped the iron on the floor and it melted a patch of carpet. She freaked out and had a panic attack, I asked her what was wrong and why she was freaking out over that and she just said "aren't you going to tell at me and tell me how stupid I am?" And that's when I discovered what narcissism meant. It broke my heart knowing that that's how she grew up. In my house, If it was truly an accident, my dad would have just made sure I understood what happened, why it was bad, and how to not let it happen again and I would have to help fix whatever it was.

**u/tinkridesherown** (257 points)

This resonates with me! When I was 17 my Mom let me take her new (to her) used car out for the night. Both my parents smoked and so did I at the time. 1980 something. I was smoking a cigarette and a friend leaned over me at a drive through and knocked the cherry off the cigarette and landed in the seat between my legs. I swept it out as fast as I could burning my fingers and legs (I was in shorts) in a panic. My friend couldn’t fathom why I was so upset. There was a burn spot about 1/2 inch in the seat. I immediately told my Mom what happened when I got home, apologized, and offered to pay to have it fixed right away. The friend who was with me’s dad had an upholstery business. She threw a HUGE fit like the entire car was now ruined and there would be no fixing it ever! I was so horrible and disrespectful to her! How could I? I probably just laid it down in the seat and left it there on purpose! Didn’t care that I’d burned the shit out if myself or that I’d already said I would make it right with my own money. Less than a week later, she dropped a cigarette and burned the same seat. She never would let me get it fixed and continued to lord it over me that I’d purposefully “ruined” her car. Turned out it was a piece of crap and constantly in the shop with mechanical issues till they had to scrap it.

**u/claymouserat** (254 points)

It made my heart swell. Resonates so much

**u/PreferablyMak** (239 points)

“Because they’re still just fucking plates.” 

That part spoke volumes.

**u/i_love_lima_beans** (156 points)

Yay! I totally get it. also grew up in a home where I walked on eggshells and wondered if my father would fly into a rage because someone left a pop can on the counter. 

I’m 49 now and have found I am happiest in my own space. I don’t think I would live with anyone again, at least not without keeping my own sanctuary I could escape to.

**u/skeevjobs** (136 points)

Yeah. Not long after I moved in with my now-husband, he threw a plate on the floor and broke it as a joke. I startled and immediately went into tears/panic, having had a parent who would throw plates and glasses across the room whenever he was mad. He knew a little bit about my past, but I think he put it all together in that moment and immediately apologized and explained it was a dumb joke. Honestly, I can’t count how many times I’ve expected husband to blow up on me for breaking something or for something happening that wasn’t my fault, despite the fact that he never did. It’s been 13 years since we’ve gotten together, and I’m still rewiring my brain.

**u/rosiedoes** (131 points)

My mother was like this. Anything that I ever did was 'deliberate' because I hated her and didn't want her to be happy, apparently.

**u/Clean-Letter-5053** (89 points)

I relate to this FAR foo much. 

I legitimately have a memory of being screamed at and called stupid in 100 different ways, repeated like a broken record for 4 weeks, over spilling a glass of milk.  I cannot imagine what horrors would’ve happened if I broke a plate (thankfully I never did).  I walked on eggshells too. 

On a lighter note—congrats on escaping!!!!  I hope you find and build your dream family.  🙂

I’ve heard that sky blue represents (and causes) peace and calming, psychologically.  That’s why hospitals have blue scrubs and blue gloves and sky blue painted walls, and sky blue stuff everywhere. Your lovely sky blue plates are very symbolic.

**u/umayanan** (70 points)

she has trauma, as in ptsd. growing up in fucked up environment does that to you. I can see that you're the understanding type. but she will need help, especially when she comes across something that will trigger her.

I was diagnosed with ptsd too, so I kinda recognize it and it took 6 years for me totally overcome it. sharing from experience, I hope I am wrong about it.

**u/HiramNinja** (66 points)

...it could be a Greek thing, seriously...opaaaa! crash!

**u/AdTemporary5535** (65 points)

Oh this resonates with me so much!

My mother is exactly the same as yours, and always accuses me of manipulating a situation to hurt her on purpose, just because I so-say hate her. The horrible truth, of course, is that I will always love her even though she isn’t worthy of love - and it’s me that she hates. Like so many things with narcissists, she has it all back-to-front.

**u/SunshiningSarah** (63 points)

I can relate. I dropped one of my husband's mom's wine glasses at our engagement party. I started sobbing because I thought I ruined the evening.

My fiancee (now husband) cleaned up the mess and told me not to worry. Glasses break. Things get messy. A lost wine glass won't ruin the night. I remember how different things were growing up when things got broken.

 My husband/his family had a good chuckle because they were surprised with how many people were drinking that night that only one glass had been smashed (they were in no way laughing at me). Through my husband, I discovered how loving and normal a family can be.

**u/crowamonghens** (62 points)

52 F here. I totally "get it" about the dad-rage over some minor household mistake. It sucks the way you can carry that dad-fear around with you into your later years, around other men.

I too, realize I am happiest alone in my own space and hope to escape to one again. I have a whole box of what i call "someday items" I'd like to use.

**u/LalaZora** (59 points)

This made me cry because I can relate.
I broke a coffee pot and immediately had an emotional meltdown. I had to have been 8
 Thankfully my father consoled me.
But I was terrified that I would be beaten over it.

**u/mamaskin73** (57 points)

So happy for you!
I started asking for household items for birthdays and Xmas when I was 12, I had nearly an entire household by the time I moved out, it felt great!!

**u/sevamew** (50 points)

How is breaking a plate a joke??

**u/The_foodie_photog** (46 points)

I’m about two months into my PTSD diagnosis, in therapy weekly with a therapist I really click with, and holy shit how the flood gates have opened. 

Getting to therapy is SO NECESSARY. It’s also really hard. 

I hope you’re able to advocate for your wife, and help her through the pitfalls that come with being raised by monsters.

**u/tinkridesherown** (33 points)

49 as well. Married at 18, divorced at 25. Stayed divorced for 17 years. Remarried about 5 years ago to a fabulous man but the ghosts still haunt me. I get really anxious sometimes about things that I think are going to be a big deal and they aren’t. Sometimes that anxiety makes me snap at him (like the dog that wants to be petted but is so scared they growl and snip at you) It’s hard to shake. If something were to happen to my husband I don’t think I’d ever live with anyone again. Not because of them but because I’m just at more peace alone because there’s no chance of that sword hanging over my head breaking loose. It’s sad really. Let me tell you being cooped up together this year, both working from home, has just about fried my last damn nerve. He tries to give me space, really, but I know I’m not alone. It’s tough.

**u/hundredpercentdatb** (33 points)

Oh man, this one hit me hard.

In 4th grade I met a girl with a hippie single mom and I wanted her to be friends with my mom so bad because she was fun and emotionally available, I’m sure she wasn’t a perfect mom but once my mom lent her a dish for a party and freaked out about getting her dish (Pyrex, nothing fancy, back).  I was all tired from a sleepover and the mom put the dish in my hands and I dropped it, I burst into tears and she talked to my mom after.  I think she actually got through to her because I was basically at friends houses every weekend after that.

**u/AdTemporary5535** (30 points)

Yes, she feels a sort of spark in her brain that she needs to humiliate you because she has the opportunity. And as she watches you get upset it gives her fuel - this is basically narcissistic personalities in a nutshell. They feed off the unhappiness of others. I’m sorry for you.

**u/notjennyschecter** (29 points)

Oh my god... I also started buying dinnerware when I was like 16 to prepare for being on my own! They are white china with silver dots. I think I was subconsciously dreaming of escaping to somewhere where I'd need the plates.

**u/HeavyAssist** (29 points)

Im so glad OP escaped. I built up items from my grandmothers from about 10. Still using some items cutlery and dishtowels.
The dream of a safe home is one of the best to come true.

**u/chill_i_dog** (28 points)

I recognize this so much. Once I fell over in the garden on a flower pot. Wasn't a special flower or anything but when I fell she didn't ask how I was. She started yelling about if the flower pot is okay. 

Last week she pulled an entirely different stunt. She took a picture of me which I liked and appreciated. I uploaded it to Instagram. For the record my Instagram pictures have an average of 100 likes.

So she was never interested in my Instagram until now. She started to renew the page and telling me how many likes "her" picture got and how amazing that is. 

Just shows that narcissists never care about you or your hobbies. Just their gain from it is interesting to them.
