# When i was in school, teachers bent over backwards to protect my NMom from Social services. I REFUSE to be that teacher. I just made my first “endangerment report”

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/NotStephany  
**Score:** 7,839  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/b0cki6/when_i_was_in_school_teachers_bent_over_backwards/  

---

I tagged this happy because **i am happy**.  i’m standing up for a child who can’t stand up for themselves. 

I’m a preschool/day care teacher and one of my students came in with a cut on his bottom lip towards his chin. I asked him what happened and he tells me: 

“Daddy scratched me because I was yelling in the house and he didn’t like that”. 

I told him that no one on this earth is allowed to hit him, ever. No one is allowed to call him names or be mean and he can always tell me if someone’s hurting him. And though he’s only 4 and didn’t get what i was trying to say, I made it clear that I AM HERE FOR HIM. 

I am always on his side, and i always will be. So i started a child endangerment report and am going to present it to my boss tomorrow. (i’m also a state mandated reporter so by law i have to report it or i could be fired/face jail time, i would have reported him regardless though) 

I’m hiding typing this in the bathroom so i gotta get back to the kids. but i was just so proud of myself i had to type it.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Frothing_Coffee** (2,032 points)

Congratulations! We’re all proud of you! You did for that child what you would’ve liked for your own teachers to do.


YOU are the change you wanted to see.

**u/myoclonicdork** (986 points)

The worst thing was being an abused child, reaching out for help, and everyone turning a blind eye or accusing you of lying. I don't know the circumstances of the incident but not turning a blind eye was key move on your part.

**u/TheCrochetingYogi** (802 points)

This, so much this

“be who you needed”

And you so are.

**u/DataIsMyCopilot** (707 points)

Good for you!

The **only** reason my mother's abuse was finally taken seriously was because one of my teachers overheard me telling me friends about my most recent beating, and reported it. I'm forever grateful to her.

**u/BumbledTheBees** (339 points)

I’ll never forget the time I was 8 &amp; told my guidance counselor my Dad drove his truck into the house during one of his fights with my mom. My mom was a paraeducator at the school, so the guidance counselor talked to her and my Nmom explained it all away as me being over dramatic.

I then spent the next three years dealing with absolute hell because I told the school about my abusive parents, and the guidance counselor never did a thing. It was traumatizing. 

Thank you for actually caring about children and doing your job.

**u/clairandcat** (285 points)

My freshman year of high school, my mother found me on campus and pulled me through the administration building by my hair as punishment for “evading her”. 

As we walked through the office, my mother just told the office ladies I had been misbehaving, and they told her she was being a good mother for disciplining me and did nothing to help me.

It was one of the most deflating experiences of my life. The school administration just thought I was a rebellious youth deserving just punishment. I know they deal with rebellious youth plenty, but seeing how gleeful they were at my mother’s behavior was disgusting. 

I’m still angry about it. They saw what she was doing and encouraged it.

**u/MyFeetAreFrozen** (284 points)

Like everyone can see something is wrong but nobody cared enough to get involved. It's the worst - I used to be so angry about all the people I knew that knew and did nothing.

**u/mrsgordon** (204 points)

“Be who you needed”. Those are potent words... thank you.

**u/ThePillThePatch** (143 points)

You are awesome! And who knows, maybe even 70 years from now that kid will remember that one teacher who was brave enough to stand up to his dad.

**u/i_luv_derpy** (107 points)

I too am a mandated reporter(I manage a program for disabled adults). I want to say that I know it’s emotionally difficult to do. But you are doing the right thing(and I think you know that). My worst report was when I had to file a suspicion of sexual abuse(I’ve done this twice). It triggered memories of my own sexual abuse. I went home to cry and have a drink.  People who abuse make me sick. 

When I was in school my mom was a very well respected teacher. I learned that if I went to anyone in the school system they would just report back to N-Mom that I was making stories about her. The one person in my childhood who ever stood up for me was my Scoutmaster. He cornered her one night and told her she better not continue to abuse me. He never called CPS though. So all he did was piss her off and make her threaten to not let me go to Scouts if I continued to tell them about home life. So I never told him the abuse continued.

**u/vanessaand2smkids** (105 points)

Same. I am sure there were so many signs I was abused. But my parents were decently well off and my dad was a doctor and I guess they didn't want my parents to go after them legally. No one did anything, even when I was begging for emancipation when I was 15 and telling teachers what it was like at home

**u/Playmakeup** (105 points)

That’s so amazing! Thank you for being the advocate many of us needed!

**u/messedupbeyondbelief** (97 points)

Ugh, your mother enabled your NDad and the guidance counselor took the side of the fellow adult.  Vomit.

**u/RickRollGirl** (93 points)

When I was 10 my teacher pulled me out of class to ask me why one of my cheeks was bright red. He asked me if another kid had hit me and when I said no he asked if everything was okay at home.

I had a cold and it caused one of my cheeks to become inflamed. No one had hit me, I was in no danger, but you can be sure I am grateful to that teacher over a decade later.

My parents went in to thank him for looking out for me and to encourage him to continue to do that if he was worried about a child. They didn't take offence and wanted him to know that.

You're doing the right thing. If there's nothing wrong then most parents will be reasonable and understand you come from a place of caring.

**u/thesassyllamas** (84 points)

As a previous CPS worker.. **THANK YOU.** As teachers, daycare workers, etc.. sometimes you are the ONLY voice for those children. So thank you for reporting it and being that child’s voice.

**u/ShuumatsuWarrior** (78 points)

They probably only saw a parent being engaged with their child, and depending on the school, a lot of parents ignore their children to the point of neglect.  Their vision may have stopped at seeing a parent actively engaged in their child's life rather than the abuse that was actually happening.

I'm not excusing their inaction, I'm just trying to point out that even though they saw something they thought was positive, if they applied some brainpower they would've seen how it's a negative.  We all need a reminder sometimes to question what we see rather than accept the face value

**u/Reaper_of_Souls** (72 points)

He drove his truck INTO THE HOUSE? And police never got called? Just... how?

I guess when I finally told them my dad hit me they listened. Even though my mom had, by this time, made several threats towards teachers and made it clear she had no problem putting me into the system if it meant getting me away from those eeevil teachers.

**u/clairandcat** (63 points)

I see what you're saying, and agree that acceptance at face value can be detrimental.  

From their perspective, especially working in high school administration, they probably mostly see kids with behavioral problems sent to the office. I liken it to the jaded feeling I used to have after working in retail for a while. Like you deal with so many rude customers that you just start hating them all after a while, or you see yourself being opposed to them. 

But this was an extreme situation in which my mother was dragging me along gripping handfuls of my hair. It should've warranted some action on their part.

**u/PertKelly** (61 points)

I have noticed, as an adult, that the default expectation is that everyone will do whatever they can to protect the parent and that the child needs to be quiet. This was expected of me, too, in my family, as an adult, as I see things going on. It's awful. Good for you!

**u/H2OMGosh** (60 points)

Yep then they brand you an “ungrateful teenager.” So awful. Hope you’re in a better place now mentally.

**u/hippiedivanerd** (53 points)

Good for you!!! The kids are so lucky to have you!

**u/BumbledTheBees** (50 points)

I called the police myself. He told them that his truck was parked on the grass, which was wet from rain, and it slipped into the house... it hadn’t rained in two weeks, but the cops went with it and dropped it. It’s not like my shitty mom would have the nerve to push charges.

**u/Reaper_of_Souls** (50 points)

&gt;I called the police myself.

When I read this, I was like, "damn, that's impressive". But I had just been scrolling through Reddit on my phone when I first read this and was mostly thinking HOLY SHIT CAR DRIVES INTO A HOUSE? So then I re-read your original comment. I think I thought you had said eighth grade?

But you were eight. You called the police, ON YOUR PARENTS... when you were *fucking eight?* I mean maybe the house was falling down and you needed to call them anyway... but when I was eight? The best I could have done was call someone else who would have called the police. I was terrified of authority at that age.

You win the RBN badass award today. Is that a thing? It should be.

**u/messedupbeyondbelief** (49 points)

You're right,  it's like the adults are EXPECTED to support a fellow adult, no matter what, or be accused of being 'disloyal'. In other words, how DARE they take the word of a child over an adult because of this idiotic belief that 'adults never lie but kids do all the time'. Never mind the fact that Ns lie all the time but expect people to believe them because they are entitled to it.
