# There’s another kind of privilege that no one wants to talk about

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/paintbrushmini  
**Score:** 7,734  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/hjdud7/theres_another_kind_of_privilege_that_no_one/  

---

It’s the privilege of being raised in a loving home, free from abuse of any kind. A home where a child does not have to worry about mental, physical or sexual abuse. A home where there is warmth and support.  A place where a child knows and feels their parents love them and doesn’t have to wonder what *they* did to be undeserving of love. The privilege of not having to deal with trauma and PTSD from childhood abuse, and the increased likelihood of having mental health problems, addictions, being undereducated and underemployed.  You are truly blessed and privileged to grow up in a home where love is your foundation, not secrets and lies.

EDIT-Thank you for all of your comments, it means so much. It is bittersweet that this post resonates with so many people.  Children who are subjected to abuse are still society’s dirty little secret, that not many people want to talk about.  It’s important that more awareness is made surrounding the fact that being abused/neglected as a child can have devastating effects on the rest of your life.  As a child I was sexually abused by my brother for years and my mom was aware it was happening and did nothing to step in and protect me.  I am now an adult woman trying to come to terms with everything I was robbed of because of the horrific environment I grew up in.  I wish everyone the absolute best, and hope you all find peace and genuine love.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Future-Mortgage** (1,472 points)

Honestly that is a painful pill to swallow because I am forever around people complaining about their loving parents, which I accept now because it’s normal and inevitable. A little while ago I started watching Better Things and the mom is demanding her daughter take the drivers test to get a license, demanding she goes to school and try her hardest. (Gonna add here it’s because the character is really loving and also lets them make their own choices and mistakes). That really hit me because I realized how many families were like that around me growing up. Back at that time I mostly focused on being jealous that they were much wealthier and literally privileged. I just assumed every family was abusive I guess, but yeah. I actually felt jealousy of a mom on tv being competent enough to get her daughter a stupid drivers license.

**u/granolagrrlassassin** (565 points)

When my bf and I first started dating his best friend came to town for the holidays and we went over to their house to visit. We spent the evening playing board games and making drinks, chatting and what not. I never knew there were families like that. It was like a movie. It was fun but also made me really sad.

**u/CrimsonGalaxy** (545 points)

I will forever resent the whole "Well I did xyz thing for you, and THIS is how you treat me?" sentiments. Like congratu-fucking-lations, you did the bare minimum to raise a child. You are *legally obligated* to feed, shelter, clothe children! And you know what? I never ASKED to go to private school! It was ASSUMED by you that I'd go to college! I'm so sick of that being thrown in my face over and again. My sister and I didn't CHOOSE that. Stop acting like that makes how you treated us fine and dandy, because you "made up" by sending us to private school.

**u/HCGB** (260 points)

I went to a friend’s family house a few years ago and they had a saying on the wall. I asked what it meant and he explained it was a saying they all used as a family, they all had a tattoo of, and it represented their bond. I was so insanely jealous because my family is horrible, but also really happy that my friend (who is an awesome human) was lucky enough to have a great family.

**u/feelingray** (220 points)

yeah, i've had the same thought. i once voiced it to a friend's parent and they didn't even understand what i was saying because it was so outside of their expectations for a family. 

other people can rely on their parents to catch them if they stumble, but my family does not resemble that at all. my good friends have received help with their downpayment for a house, free food/furniture/vacations, and most of all encouragement, support and love. 

as i've developed relationships with my friend's parents, they've shown me what that love looks like. they sent me flowers when my dad died, texted me regularly when i was having health problems and generally make me feel loved. it's almost heartbreaking to think that my friend (and most people) have gotten this love and support their entire lives!

**u/_userunknown_** (220 points)

This... When I was a teenager this is the exact reason I hated going to other people's houses. It felt so foreign and unnatural because I had never known a warm loving home. I felt like the ultimate outsider when someone welcomed me into their home where noone was abused and I wasn't constantly being blamed and screamed at. I tried so hard for most of my life to hide the abuse I suffered, but it always made me feel vulnerable when I was at someone else's house. Almost like I was constantly waiting for something to happen and someone to blow up.

**u/MarkMew** (188 points)

That's not privileged, that's just normal. Or at least should be.

But I definitely agree that, to us traumatized folks, it really does feel like they're privileged.

**u/NigerianPrincessScam** (150 points)

The worst part is when these same people want to project their childhood experiences onto you as a way to shame you for being rightfully angry at your parents. 

"I could NEVER say that about my dad! I have so much respect for him!"

I guarantee if your dad punched you in the face as a toddler, your respect for him would wane pretty fast.

"Omg how do people not talk to their moms?? That's the woman who gave you life!"

She's also the woman who let us starve all the time, refused to buy us clothes, ignored me and my sister when we told her that her boyfriends were child molesters, and spent all the money my dad left us kids for college on herself.

So, by all means, go tell your mom and dad you love them, but please go fuck yourself if you think you're gonna gaslight me into believing the two assholes who gave me their DNA deserve the same amount of respect as your parents. Not all of us know what it's like to feel loved by their parents. Accept that and let me deal with my trauma in the way that works for me.

**u/yungHercules** (149 points)

The worst is looking back and realizing a lot of those parents actually *knew* about my home life, and often treated me as family because of it. I had so many supportive "surrogate mothers" that were really just my friends moms. They would treat me really well, ask me about school, have me over for dinner all the time. 

Now that I look back more clearly, I was definitely one of the black sheep in terms of proper family dynamics. Even other friends wth divorced parents had two good parents that just ended up being split, they never dealt with abuse. But the look on my friends' faces when they came over to my house to see my mom basically just scream at me tells me everything I need to know about how *not* normal that was. 

My friends used to even ask me about it ("Does your mom always yell at you?") and I would shrug it off because it was just how I lived as a child. I never put 2 and 2 together as a kid to recognize what was happening.

**u/Demyxx_** (145 points)

When I was in high school I had one friend whos dad was a police officer. He would always insist that I eat dinner with them. He would make me food even if I declined. He would invite me to sleep over even if I hadn’t asked. There were nights that we all just stayed up until 2 am in her kitchen talking - With her parents. I remember it feeling so good to be treated like a person by adults. There was one day where I mentioned I’d never seen a Brussel sprout and he no joke stoped what he was doing busted out a pan and cooked Brussel sprouts for us (which I actually really like now!) I just thought he was a cool dad. Now looking back as an adult I think he had to have known how bad it was for me at home. I sometimes think about going over there to thank him, But part of me is unsure if that would be weird.

**u/Outatime82** (139 points)

I remember when I was a kid and being around my parents friends or my aunts/uncles families and thinking their family dynamics were strange. I didn't understand the loving way their parents reacted when they did something bad, good, or just for being alive was normal. All I knew was it was NOT how my parents would react. Now that I'm older I have realized my views as a kid were what was not normal. My expectation that I had to earn my parents love, walk on egg shells to avoid pain, or who knows what else was totally wrong. It's no wonder that I'm 37 and can't get dates or a relationship....I don't understand them or what's healthy.

**u/dromeciomimus** (138 points)

“Rights aren't rights if someone can take them away. They're privileges. That's all we've ever had in this country, is a bill of temporary privileges.”

- George Carlin

**u/redestpanda** (118 points)

Oh you should have seen how disgustingly certain family members reacted when I married someone with wealth. Suddenly they remembered I was in the room. 'Remember that pound puppy I gave you when you were five?' Her literal words. Yeah, I remember. Vaguely. I also remember every time she was being a (possibly banned word) and that was most of time.

**u/paulloveskarine** (113 points)

Yup. I'm 27 and found out i have Phase Two Spinal decay yesterday which is something that takes 15-20 years to develop apparently. Doc immediately asked about my upbringing, activity levels and eating habits as a child. Welp NDad insisted i eat the same diet as himself (a 200 pound construction worker) and refused to let me join sports because "i sucked"

Guess who calls me unhealthy all the time and makes fun of my medical issues?? ding ding ding NDad. 

So yeah loving parents privilege is real.

**u/Bawonga** (111 points)

IMHO, it would mean a lot to them and, no, it wouldn't be weird. They'd like to see that you're doing OK!

**u/HCGB** (104 points)

I think it’s probably ok. It is “t’us”. They started saying “to us” as a toast, and it eventually got shortened.

**u/[deleted]** (101 points)

I disagree. It's not a privilege, it's a right. Though I think I understand the general sentiment of the post. However, it's probably better not to phrase it as 'privilege' bc of the way that word is often turned around &amp; used against people. No one should have to defend themselves or be maligned for growing up with parents who *didn't* abuse them. Our (ACoNs) childhood is our cross to bear. Yes, sometimes I'm envious of others who have loving parents, family that cares in a genuine way, people to visit on holidays &amp; relatives to call 'just because'. On the other hand, the adversity I faced as a child, the lack of family I have as an adult (bc of NC) made me who I am today. I'm not saying it's preferable-not at all. But it helps when I'm feeling short-changed about how I grew up &amp; that I have no extended family--it helps to think of the ways in which I adapted out of necessity &amp; the ways in which those adaptations are beneficial. Hope that makes sense.

**u/xxinfinatepleasurexy** (83 points)

I used to be dumbfounded at my friends house in elementary school. The first time i was over at her house for a sleepover, (which i had been begging to be allowed to go for years, and had to call to check in every hour) we went to her room to play with barbies and she s h u t  h e r  d o o r  and I was like so confused. She didn't even lock it. And her dad came to tell us that supper was ready, and he k n o c k e d 

Her whole family and me sat to supper, and they had SO MUCH FOOD and I thought it was because i was there and I was so embarrassed but it was amazing and there was fresh fruits and a salad and potato pancakes and fish and i remember it was the first time in my life I ever ate fish and I thought it was insane to get CUT UP ORANGES to eat when my Christmas present each year was usually an orange. 

And after we wanted to play outside and we just went outside and didn't even have to ask. And we played all night and ran inside to pee/get water and didn't have to ask for any of it. 

I didnt know what to do with myself, I wanted secretly for her parents to just keep me and i remember crying when It was time to go home and feeling a weight in my stomach because I knew i was one to be in trouble even though I had been there with permission. 

I did get in trouble. The second we got in the car my mother started screaming at me because it wasn't fair that I could just go leave and spend the night at my friends and that she was up all night sick worrying about me. She demanded to know if the dad or brother was ever alone in the room with me or touched me anywhere. She demanded to know what they fed me and said "I hope you didn't eat all of their food because they won't want to be friends with you if you're a burden" 

I still feel sick thinking about it all

**u/Artistic_Call** (76 points)

That sounds abusive too, tbh. My NMom wanted me to get a license to cart her drunk ass around. I didn't and while I learned how to drive, my anxiety prevented me. The money and suicide involved. I'm too dangerous to be on the road and I am fine with not driving. I have to live in a city and that's okay. My choice and I love having my own say. ❤️

**u/snapecastic109** (67 points)

I literally cant imagine growing up in a loving home lol. how are people blessed with such an incredible thing? it seems so unfathomable for me to think that my friends (im 16f) are experiencing loving homes.

**u/Tomorrow_Is_Today1** (66 points)

I mean, white privilege of not being needlessly attacked and killed by cops is the same way. Maybe we need to stop using the word privilege to describe it in all scenarios.

**u/Beardsley8** (65 points)

I remember applying to be an RA at my university. In between the group exercises and interviews, some entitled "kids" were complaining about how their parents OWED them a vacation for being in school. I left the house to live with my grandma around 15, and I was working from 16 to 18; getting myself up in the morning, taking public transit to school, then work, then back home to sleep around midnight. But, I failed the freshman orientation class in college, because the teachers were coddling these kids who never had to deal with anything real. I couldn't take college seriously right from the start. And I'm just now learning about my parental issues and how they've affected me yesterday, at 28.

**u/tabby51260** (62 points)

Yeah.. I just got done with a week spending time with my in-laws.

And it hurt. So. Much. (I had a lot of fun too.. but for the few times I was alone..)

Because it was like stepping into a dream. I knew that my husband was awesome and seems perfect, but actually getting to see his family like that for week? It was.. I don't know. Families actually doing stuff together, and having fun? 

Giving each other crap and being sarcastic during games without any cold shoulders or yelling?

It just made me really wonder.. what kind of person would I be now if I had grown up with them instead? Just.. you know. It hurt to think about.

But at least I have that awesome family now.

**u/sanchez0328** (61 points)

Yes! My NMom loves to throw it in our faces that she and my dad bought a nice, big (6 bedroom) house in a better neighborhood for US and that we are ungrateful because we'd gone on our "merry way" to live our own lives. Yes, the house was nice, big, and in a better neighborhood, but we did NOT ask to be relocated. At the time, I was 16 going on 17, my twin siblings were 15 going on 16, and my brother was 14 going on 15. My two youngest siblings were still in elementary and middle school. So, most of us moved out fairly quickly after graduating high school resulting in at least 3 empty bedrooms. In the end, my dad suffered a massive stroke and was forced to retire. My parents ended up losing the house since my mom's income and my dad's pension was not enough to keep up with the mortgage payments. Yet, she resents us for it.

**u/b1arn** (57 points)

It sounds like he brought you into part of their family. By which I mean,  I bet he thought of you a bit as son/daughter. 

Sorry if that is lame. But it’s making me think of people I had in my life growing up, and I feel like after reading your post, they obviously must have cared about — even if I didn’t realize it at the time.
