# For 35 years she told me I was stupid, just like my drug-addled father. I believed it my entire 20s. When I turned 30, I vowed to stop believing her and pursue my dreams. Last year, at 35, I went No Contact. Just found out I was accepted into my dream PhD program.

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/CaptainTrips1919  
**Score:** 7,719  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/ehvlqk/for_35_years_she_told_me_i_was_stupid_just_like/  

---

Turns out narcs don't know shit.

---

## Top Comments

**u/ruexo** (562 points)

She told me I was in ‘special classes’ because I was retarded. Somebody picked me up at home every day and fed me breakfast because she neglected to. I was in ‘special classes’ because I was neglected. I believe her and dropped out at 14- now I’m finishing high school at 25 and going to school for accounting 👌

**u/IllusiveGamerGirl** (377 points)

CONGRATS OP!!!!

THIS INTERNET STRANGER IS SUPER PROUD OF YOU!

**u/tuna_tofu** (294 points)

Are we twins? I too was the village idiot who wasn't worth wasting college tuition on.  I went ivy league and am the only kid in my family to graduate let alone go to college.  Now I have the wisdom of Solomon and I'm supposed to solve all their problems for them . Sigh.

But I digress.  Congrats to you and you rock on with your bad self!

**u/CaptainTrips1919** (264 points)

This breaks my heart. I went from gifted classes to special ed in the space of about five years. My mother's general neglect turned to outright abuse as I became an adolescent and started to have a mind of my own, and was able to point out how illogical she often was.

I'm so glad you learned to believe in yourself again!

**u/CaptainTrips1919** (88 points)

Fair point. I left when I was 16 but broke No Contact a few times. I got hoovered back in. Finally stuck when I was 35, I lost so much potential in my life and so many good opportunities to the self hatred that just permeates everything when you live with a narc. I wish I'd just stayed gone.

Better late than never though!

**u/ruexo** (88 points)

I understand, I think the only reason I’m doing so well today is because I left hone when I was 14. My siblings weren’t so lucky, I feel bad for those of us who couldn’t get away.

**u/mamamusprime** (84 points)

Congratulations! My Ndad straight up told me I couldn’t earn a Masters when I was accepted, it was the first time in my life I earned straight As!

**u/888frog** (72 points)

Lol at the wisdom of Solomon bit. So funny. Congrats to you and OP and everyone breaking past the pain and going after their dreams!

**u/C-Force521** (69 points)

My father (God rest his soul) was treated this way as a teenager. Him and my aunt (2 out of 5 kids) were the only ones in the family to go to college and get a worthwhile, lasting career, and they were ridiculed endlessly for it. Dad was the product of 2 NParents but he still did whatever they needed because they were family. 

I’m so proud of you for not letting that shit get to your head and doing what you love. Keep up the good work.

**u/krustykatzjill** (68 points)

I'm a mom of a 35 year old. I'll pretend I'm your mom. "Well, all your hard work and sacrifice has got you to a great place! It takes a lot of gumption and intelligence to get you into such a prestigious program! You are more amazing than any of us could have imagined! We are all so proud of you!".

**u/ReasonReader** (61 points)

&gt; Now I have the wisdom of Solomon 

So, having the narcs cut in half to settle disputes sounds like a great option.

**u/CaptainTrips1919** (42 points)

Thank you!

The one big thing I've learned about resilience is it often doesn't feel like it. I still felt like a loser for most of this year. I was anxious, stressed, scared, felt stupid every single day and wanted to drop out fairly regularly. But then had a cry and sort of got up the next day and kept working?

Turns out that's the only bit that matters. I even failed an assignment this year (small one) and still got first class honours. You can fuck up a lot and everything can be a total mess, but as long as you get up again the next morning and try again you'll get to where you want to be eventually.

So many of us were raised to believe that if we weren't perfect we were nothing and that's so far from being true.

Edited to add, I'm in agriculture. I'm looking at nutrition and livestock. :)

**u/CursedChosenOne** (40 points)

As a 27 year old still trapped in a narc home,  you guy's are an inspiration.

**u/Binkita** (32 points)

Wow. I'm so happy for you!!!! Congratulations, warrior of life!

**u/CaptainTrips1919** (30 points)

That's awesome! Thank you!

**u/asleeden** (28 points)

Well done you!!!! That’s so hard to go against all that negative indoctrination

**u/darya42** (28 points)

&gt; as I became an adolescent and started to have a mind of my own, and was able to point out how illogical she often was.

Same here... same here

**u/vasesmasher** (25 points)

My mother scoffed and mocked me when I told her I was planning on advancing my education. I ended up on the honors list my first term of nursing school. Someday, I hope to earn a doctorate. I'm so happy you're getting the chance to complete your dream. Congratulations!

**u/HowBoutTodaySatan** (25 points)

I'm an experienced mom, too. I'm standing right next to u/krustykatzjill, wanting to heap praise and hugs on everyone who has triumphed over the lies!! &lt;3 

# WAY TO GO EVERYONE!

(One can never have too much loving respectful virtual momming. &lt;3)

**u/jungleey** (23 points)

So amazing that you see through the fog and are investing in yourself!!!

**u/eternalbettywhite** (21 points)

I’m so proud of you. Your resilience and intelligence has led you to this point. YOU did this. Getting into grad school is HARD and competitive and clearly other people can see your talents. 

Best of luck! Do you mind sharing what you’ll be working on?

**u/Squtternut_Bosh** (20 points)

Oooh careful now...you'll have 500 RBNs at your internet door queueing for a virtual momming 👦🏼👧🏼👨🏽👩🏽👴👩‍⚕️👨🏽‍⚕️

**u/krustykatzjill** (17 points)

I got my diploma @ 50. It can be done.

**u/ruexo** (17 points)

Anyone can, as stupid and cliche as it sounds, it really starts with believing yourself.But people have been putting that shit on posters for ages and I never listened 🤔

**u/Melanchalic** (16 points)

When I grow up mentally I want to be just like you. Congratulations :)
