# Cops knock down my dorm door because Nmom lied to get me back

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/samiamgreeneggsinham  
**Score:** 7,667  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/a0bni6/cops_knock_down_my_dorm_door_because_nmom_lied_to/  

---

I attend college in Arizona, Nmom and Estepdad live in Maine. I’ve gone VLC with them over the three years I’ve been in school. The summers I’ve managed to get a job or internship to keep me out here. Four months ago Nmom sent me a email telling me I was coming to Thanksgiving, she wanted the family together and had a photographer coming to take photos. So we could fake being a happy family for a few hours. I told her I would not be coming because of my job on campus. She then called the school who told her that a) Im over 18 therefore they can’t tell her anything b) when she threatened to pull me out the awesome lady at the registers told her “good luck, he’s on a full scholarship, and pays for everything himself” 

When she realized she couldn’t lie to the school she had E dad call me to beg me to come. This guy stood by since I was 12 and watched my mom beat me, degrade me, lie about me and did nothing. Fuck him, I ignore  his calls, she then called my bio dad who laughed at her and hung up. We have our issues but he’s genuinely a good guy whose dealt with mental health issues his entire life. 

So thanksgiving I woke up (school was closed that day so I didn’t actually have to work) went to the gym, enjoyed a leisurely breakfast at my favorite cafe. I came home and was getting ready to throw laundry in the washer and make myself chicken and noodles in my crockpot when my door was pretty much knocked down. 
Campus cops and outside cops, guess whose mom called and said her son told his 13 year old sister (I don’t talk to my siblings because their easily swayed by Nmom) that he was going to bomb the school. 
Yeah so after a trip to the campus police building, them searching my room and car and finding nothing , my RA and two floor mates defending me and me showing emails of my mom threatening me I’d be sorry for not coming to thanksgiving they apologized, I was allowed to go back to my dorm and the RA and I managed to put the door back on. 
Then my grandma calls guess who was arrested for making a false police report? If you guessed my Nmom you’d be right.

---

## Top Comments

**u/wdjm** (2,273 points)

&gt; Then my grandma calls guess who was arrested for making a false police report? If you guessed my Nmom you’d be right.

This. This gave me warm fuzzies. Yay on the cops!!!

Narcs so rarely get real consequences for their BS. I'm sorry you've had to live with that for so long - but so glad she finally got what she deserved.

**u/MikeGinnyMD** (1,139 points)

I’m glad it turned out as well as it did.

At this point, I’d be talking to an attorney about 1) getting a restraining order 2) sending her a cease-and-desist letter 3) whether you have a case for civil action (you might not; it wasn’t *your* door that got knocked off the hinges, it was the school’s, and other than a couple of hours of inconvenience, you suffered no damages) 4) Setting up a power of attorney arrangement with someone you trust so that if you are, say, incapacitated after an accident, she is not the one who has medical rights over you (Maybe your dad?  It’s your call.).

I’d also make an appointment with a detective in the campus police department and have a chat about “what if she tries this again?”  He might say that having being arrested might keep her from doing it again and your response should be: “Normally, I’d agree with you that a rational person would not do this again, but in addition to the fact that she’s my mother and I know her well, the fact that she did it the first time strongly suggests that she’s not a rational person.”  

Needless to say, I think that this incident should seal your resolve to go NC with your parents.  You should make it clear to the rest of your family that this is a clear and unambiguous demonstration of the reason why and that if they aren’t ok with your decision, you’re willing to dismiss them from your life, too.

It sounds from your post like you’re doing well in life overall.  You’re proceeding with your academic program, supporting yourself, and dealing with these stressors by “just getting on with it,” which is healthy.  I know it might not feel that way, but that’s what I see as a physician who works with young people like you.

“When you’re going through hell, keep going.” -Winston Churchill

**u/psychonaut8672** (719 points)

The public humiliation will hurt alot more than the 50k. Good job.

**u/madguins** (631 points)

Called the cops while my dad was beating me up and threatening to beat up my friend who was waiting outside in their car for me to go to a New Years party (this was 6 years ago). 

They told me it looked like I hit him back so I should just get over it and wait until I go to college. 

This post makes me happy they arrested the mom.

**u/jippyzippylippy** (389 points)

So, how about next year's Thanksgiving? Gonna go or...?   /s

**u/samiamgreeneggsinham** (376 points)

Lol thinking about taking a vacation maybe a cruise

**u/tattoovamp** (279 points)

And now you have concrete proof. The Police will have this on record. I suggest getting copies to start a paper trail, in case you kne day need an RO or a cease and desist.

Gotta admit, I giggled when I read she was arrested.

**u/[deleted]** (265 points)

The idea that there might be consequences to their actions never occurs to these people.

I can imagine the look on her face as she told them, "I haven't done anything 'wrong'!" expecting that saying that will make it SO as usual and the cops are thinking, 'Sure... Whatever lady.'

They always talk about Karma...

**u/chek4me** (237 points)

I wonder if the photographer she hired got any pictures of her being arrested lol..

**u/rabidhamster87** (228 points)

No doubt she's sitting in jail stewing over how it's all OP's fault and if he had only come to Thanksgiving, none of this would've happened!

**u/12dbs** (224 points)

Please, if you dont mind sharing, let us know how it goes.

**u/Darkmagosan** (209 points)

If OP goes to ASU, the cops do NOT fuck around there. Phoenix is a major city with all the problems thereof, so the campus cops pulling a Keystone Kops act doesn't fly here. It doesn't in Tucson at UoA, either, but Tucson's smaller, so they're a bit more laid back. Not by much though.

I know, I went to ASU and my bf at the time went to UoA.

**u/BiggerestGreen** (206 points)

If I know narcissists like I think I do, he'll be lucky if she has $2k to give.

**u/DeathKitten666** (187 points)

Its saf they usually get away with it, but she chose the __wrong__ accusation to get police to check in.

**u/Blurgas** (180 points)

I'm not surprised she got arrested.  People have gotten killed because someone filed a false report with the police claiming the person was an extreme danger(*look up "swatting"*)  
Law enforcement does not like being used to risk an innocent persons life because of petty bullshit

**u/MamaDMZ** (163 points)

Definitely listen to this OP. If you're in an accident, do you really want her having control of what happens to you, and potentially your future children?

**u/dohako** (159 points)

So sorry you had to go through this and so pleased it fired back on her.

My mum threatened me to come to the city where I live and camp outside my workplace until I move back.

**u/amorphousobject** (151 points)

Seconded. We're all in your corner and would love to hear updates.

**u/tiredoldbitch** (128 points)

That is a fantastic plan! She must be losing her shit!

**u/samiamgreeneggsinham** (121 points)

The police officer here just called me to check in on me, nice guy. Told me they probably wouldn’t need me to testify but if they do I can do it from here.

**u/Yourwtfismyftw** (114 points)

Just got a mental image of that Christmas photo in the Simpsons after Bart was caught shoplifting a video game, and he’s literally being collared and yanked out of frame as the shutter goes. Beautiful for an nparent.

**u/samiamgreeneggsinham** (111 points)

Going with friends to New Orleans for Christmas i can’t wait!

**u/atone410** (106 points)

I would like to point out that he actually MIGHT face damages. He was arrested, that means his prints were taken. Even if the case is expunged and records sealed, depending on the state, the print records are still available to federal level background checks.

If OP ever plans to even CONSIDER a government job, including contractor positions that are not directly employed by the government, and the state doesn't seal prints, he will either have to get another lawyer to fight to seal those, pay another fee, or deal with it when the interview comes around depending on the state. Furthermore, he may just have to deal with it or get another lawyer since the FBI often times decides to disregard a state level print seal order. 

Source: just had to fight this fight to get my contractor job. It was terrible and nerve wracking and I cried a lot.

**u/emmtatorship** (105 points)

You’ve got a lot of people cheering for you here!!! You’ve got this!!! 🙌🏽 ...if no one has told you lately, proud of you for standing your ground!!
