# Do people realize that when they meet a kid who's "13 going on 30" it's not actually a good thing?

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/lindsey_twin  
**Score:** 7,604  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/abijqs/do_people_realize_that_when_they_meet_a_kid_whos/  

---

When I was young, adults would always commend me with how mature I was. Don't people realize that "really mature" kids are often the products of shitty parents? I wish I could have been a kid but my nmom abused and neglected me so I had to be "really mature" and raise myself.

---

## Top Comments

**u/HerTheHeron** (2,888 points)

Ugh. This is me. 

Reminds me of the joke about how every child who's report card said they were "a joy to have in class" now suffers from anxiety as an adult.

**u/randyseternity** (2,433 points)

YES. 

People said this about me when I was like 4. I wasn't being a non-child because I was advanced or something. I was mute from sheer terror.

**u/Stealthman13** (1,046 points)

Yep, same here. I've had people telling me at work how mature I am for my age, and I'm just 17. Not being treated with respect and having to feed myself hurts like a bitch, and I feel like I was robbed from a childhood because of it

**u/BlatantNapping** (967 points)

This was me too! My mom still likes to brag about how well behaved I was at restaurants when I was a child. Of course I was, I was in constant fear of being beaten if they were in one of their random moods.

**u/GlassCloched** (908 points)

Hmmm. Never thought of it this way. I was often called an “old soul” like it was a badge and now you’ve made me rethink that title.

**u/Phoenix-like** (659 points)

I coworker recently commented that he had reached that magic point in his life where he was now the adult and his parents the children...it didn’t take long for me to realize that I would never reach that magic point because I have always been the adult in the relationship and my parents have always been the children.

**u/SolidAdvertising** (624 points)

Yeah, I got these comments from a very young age, but I could never understand why. It really frustrated me because more than once I had teachers tell me that acting too adult was the reason I had trouble making friends my own age. And then, because I was used to changing how I acted to suit others' needs, I would get frustrated not knowing how I "should" be in order to make friends. 

Even when you realize your home life isn't right as a kid, that can be hard to articulate to anyone else - as well as terrifying because of the consequences. I always felt like I was screaming inside for someone to notice that there was a problem, but because I wasn't "acting out" and withdrew instead, the teachers and other adults I met just thought I was mature and quiet.

**u/LimeGreenShorts** (370 points)

OMG, my mother used to brag about how I was so incredibly quiet and well-behaved in restaurants, to the point I would whisper instead of talking out loud.  I thought it was just me! Though her control tactics were criticism and shaming and withdrawing affection and silence and disapproving looks and comparing me to other, "better-behaved" children, rather than hitting me, at least most of the time. She was sooooooooo proud of how responsible and mature I was...I would give anything to have had the freedom to be a kid and not have that burden of having to be a mini-adult. It's a relief to know I'm not alone, though I'm so sad for all of us who grew up like this.

**u/sweetcoffeebean** (306 points)

I feel so robbed from my childhood.

**u/GoonerKitten** (292 points)

I always get told I'm mature for my age. Even now, I'm 21 and my friends range from 18-45 years old with a heavy bias towards older because I feel like I don't fit with people my age. Now I realise it was the trauma that gave me such a mature outlook on life as a kid and the reason I don't get along with people my age is because they haven't gone through the emotional damage that comes with growing up with (an) abusive family member(s).

**u/SadSense** (280 points)

I've once noticed a note in my medical file from my pre-school medical exam (I'm European, so maybe that's not ubiquitous): "Almost too serious." I was 6.

**u/SnailsandCats** (212 points)

As far as I can recall, children who are abused typically have one of two responses: to lash out &amp; misbehave in order to get attention due to neglect or to become perfect little angels out of fear of authority. Of course not all respond this way but it’s pretty common to see one or the other

Edit: clarity

**u/DragonBorn76** (212 points)

Oh geeze yes. My dad to thos day brags about how well behaved I was as a child.  His favorite memory was when someone came up to him in a restaurant and asked if I was a doll because I wasn't making a peep. 
Sadly these incidents just reconfirms his idea that he is a good parent.

**u/juliette19x** (212 points)

This! My mum still brags about how none of her children would behave like other peoples' "brats" in public, that even as toddlers we knew not to cry or throw tantrums in public. One day I became so fed up and yelled at her "that's because we were terrified and you'd tell us shit like "you'd give us something to really cry about"" but she legit could not understand why this was a bad thing.



I'm pregnant now, and I thought I had forgiven her for most things but I'm having so much anger and resentment at her lately.

**u/luckycharms4life** (197 points)

As a teacher, I saw a variety of kids and largely you can tell which kids have good parents and which have overbearing parents and those who are neglected. 

The maturity thing isn’t always a sign of abuse. But then, I never thought my students were mature. People that don’t interact with teens/kids a lot don’t see the truth—even other parents.

**u/localjargon** (176 points)

Enjoy your 20s. Remember that you are still very young. Dont get married or have children till after your late 20s. Go out, party, explore. You know how to take care of yourself, so you have the upper hand while your friends try to figure it out. Live off of beans and rice and spend your money backpacking across country or any other adventure you choose. Good luck. You have to keep feeding your inner child.

**u/randyseternity** (172 points)

Kids are NATURALLY loud assholes. They're supposed to be like that. They *learn* over time through example and communication how to be considerate of others. 

Having my own child really changed how I thought about my parents behavior. Like wow something can spill without the world coming to a hellish end.

**u/wulfric1909** (160 points)

Saaaaaaaame. What made it worse is that my extended family always was praising my Nmother for my behavior and asking what the "secret" was. Secret was a whole lot of abuse.

**u/TheEves2** (160 points)

Yeah, this sounds familiar. My school report cards were always saying how quiet and serious I was. If only they knew!

**u/LowKeyVelmaBabe** (144 points)

WARNING, LONG STORY: 18F. Me too, except it was my own nparents. They’d deadass tell me to be a kid and then the next tell me to be an adult. Another thing my nmom would say is that I was never “imaginative” or “creative” as a kid. “You were always too busy in your books.” 
I even found my old IEP envelope, I guess I had a “coping mechanism” where I would read throughout class even when my teachers told me not to, and I would have my feet up in a fetal position in my chair. 
My nparents used to be very proud on grounding me from reading books. If I had done something “bad” they would take all my books (even the necessary books for school, which made me get many C’s in my classes. Then they would strike when my report card came. I would try to defend myself using logic. Never worked, they would make fun of me, and call me stupid. Then my dad would boast about he had straight A’s in college. This was only middle school...) they would boast to all their friends how they punish me academically. 
Which, tbh, I think to this day I really am stupid. I have many panic attacks in college today, and now my boyfriend is going to tell his parents (his dad is a doctor, I live with them, they love me like I’m their own, and they have the resources to do that.) about my mental health issues I’m having. I just don’t understand why CPS and all the schools that I constantly moved from never helped me. And if the schools did get involved, CPS didn’t do anything.

**u/girlboss77** (126 points)

It’s the age old, “you’re really mature for your age” 

“Thanks, it’s all the trauma!”

**u/pompompompi** (125 points)

Ugh yeah. 
Even my parents would comment on that. 

Growing up i was basically my siblings’ second mom. Got yelled at if I didn’t change my baby brother’s diaper (I was 10). Couldn’t go anywhere with friends because I had to take care of them.  When I wasn’t raising my youngest brother, spongebob squarepants did. My mom even admits she always zones out when he starts talking to her, so listening to his problems and comforting him has fallen only on me. 
Once I got thrown against the floor because he talked to a stranger and I went to my parents instead of telling the stranger to leave and pulling my brother away. 


Parents never helped them with homework (unless it was something creative where my nmom felt she could be praised for being Oh So ArTiStIc!!!). I was put in charge of trying to teach my autistic older brother how to be a functioning adult because my parents stunted him. Nevermind that he wouldn’t listen to me because he thinks he knows more than me on the sole basis that he’s older.

I’m still made to feel guilty because I don’t spend time guiding my siblings or some shit now that I’ve moved out. Idk if I ever want kids. I already was a part time mother to 3.

**u/starshinedrop** (123 points)

Yes. I relate to this. I've been so resentful about this lately because I've been thinking about how I never truly had a "parent figure" who set examples, taught me things, guided me.

**u/nedolya** (121 points)

Same, I'm 23 and often can't stand people younger than me. I had to learn how to let loose in college and I still have problems with it
