# Nmom wants my liver, doc told me I should risk the surgery since I don't have kids

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/PlasticCaterpillar6  
**Score:** 7,376  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/ddkdp5/nmom_wants_my_liver_doc_told_me_i_should_risk_the/  

---

Let´s see if I can keep this short and sweet.

When I was a kid, my mom was a pretty awful parent to me and my siblings. Resentful,  a bit of a bully, never hugged any of us, and mainly told us how we ruined her life. You get the picture. I moved out at 17 to keep my sanity.

I’m 28 now and never had much of a relationship with her after moving out, as she never once admitted that she had done some really fucked up shit to us.

My sister is married and got two kids, my brother is divorced with 3 kids.

I got a call from the hospital, that my mom managed to drink her liver out of order and need a transplant. All of us siblings were found to be a match. My sister and brother, once they realized that cutting out a part of your liver is’t risk free, backed out. I was told that I have something called situs inversus, meaning my organs are abnormally placed, and that it would make the risk of surgery higher for me. 4% risk of death within two weeks of surgery, and higher risk of other awful shit happening. And of course, a 100% guarantee that my mother will drink that liver away too.

Now EVERYONE, the doctor, my mom, my siblings, everyone, is telling me I should do it, because I don’t have kids, so who cares if the risk is high. This pissed me off. My family never valued my lifestyle, as I decided not to do the life script. I bought a cabin in the wilderness in the north and work from home, so I rarely have to leave my lovely little hideaway. I make enough money to live the life I always dreamed off, but apparently that does not count since I don’t want kids.  And my mom, who never cared if I lived or died, suddenly think she deserves my liver because she gave birth to me. The fact that she then spent 17 years bullying me is irrelevant because faaaamily, and “kids are a gift from god”. Fuck them all. The doctor said to me “well, it is an increased risk , but your mother needs a new liver and at least you don’t risk leaving children behind”. FUCK THAT. I was so stunned I forgot the entire Swedish language and just sat there. Whad did I just hear?! And who will care for my pets if I die? Mmm? And my mom. “I gave you life, you should do the same for me, after all I gave you my best years, raising you was no joke!” Yeah. She also gave me two fractured ribs and one time locked out out of the house in the middle of winter, and I had to smash a window with my hand to get in.

I can’t believe I even tried, that I agreed to be tested as a donor, as if she would have magically changed. I’m leaving the city tonight, taking the night train north and will hopefully be back in my cosy home tomorrow. When the doctor calls to hear my decision, I might not even pick up.

&amp;#x200B;

edit: view from my home, miss it so much, hopefully back there tomorrow! [https://i.postimg.cc/yd5PGgFN/IMG-20190929-155138.jpg](https://i.postimg.cc/yd5PGgFN/IMG-20190929-155138.jpg)

---

## Top Comments

**u/Haandbaag** (3,691 points)

How outrageous for that doctor to suggest  that your life has any less value than your siblings just because you don’t have children. It also sounds irresponsible for that doctor to suggest that ANYONE donate their liver to your mother if she damaged it through drinking and is still continuing to drink. Your mother was a straight up child abuser. You owe her nothing. It’s terrible that the people around you are guilting you to do this thing. Your mother is simply facing the consequences for the actions she has chosen to take. She chose to drink. She chose to hurt you. Her liver giving out and you walking away are the direct consequence for her unskillful actions. She chose all this. You didn’t.

**u/MehWhateverZeus** (1,784 points)

Isn't it illegal to pressure someone to donate any organ even if its not life threatening. I feel maybe someone should file a complaint against this doctor.

**u/awhq** (1,138 points)

It's illegal in the U.S.  I doubt OP is in the U.S. because no doctor here would even agree to do a liver transplant on someone who destroyed their liver with alcohol.

Edit: Many people have pointed out that people who are 6 months alcohol free do get liver transplants.  I believe that to be correct.  It's not the case for OP's situation because that person is in liver failure and is still drinking.

**u/klopenburg** (806 points)

Dont do it. She wouldnt do it for you, trust me

**u/lunar999** (550 points)

For what it's worth, you're [not the first one on this sub to go through something similar](https://www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/a6eh5k/my_nmom_is_demanding_i_give_her_one_of_my_lungs), and there's some pretty good advice that cropped up in that saga. Two key points though: first, no doctor worth their salt should be trying to pressure you into a choice like this, *especially* with such a high risk (4% chance? I wouldn't touch that). It might be worth seeing if there's a process to report them, because no-one who acts like that ought to be practising medicine. Second though, it was mentioned in the other saga that the hospital couldn't proceed with the transplant unless she'd actually shown she was giving up the behaviour that caused the need to begin with - and indeed that became the MIL's main obstacle when she wouldn't quit smoking. 

There may be something similar applicable in your case - where they can't perform the surgery unless she gives up excessive drinking. I wouldn't be relying on that doctor for this info, though. Maybe see if the hospital have a patient advocate and if they'd have advice on how to proceed to have the surgery blocked, cause I'd hate to think of her taking a liver from some worthy recipient just so she can destroy that one with drinking too. All that said, if all you want is to tell the lot of them to bugger off and leave you out of their collective medical screwups, I'm all for it.

**u/CaptainTrips1919** (412 points)

That's a 1 in 25 chance! That's huge!

**u/Kdizzle1108** (405 points)

Good point though. This doctor is money driven. Willing to risk two lives.  In the US, you have to prove that you are not a drinker anymore to get the operation.  OP, I agree with you. You do not owe her anything at all. I would not give my liver to this woman. Also, child-free-by-choice is a wonderful life option.

**u/MehWhateverZeus** (362 points)

Ah fair enough. Not sure where OP is from but I think her plan to just go home and ignore the calls sounds good. But maybe still try to complain about the doctor?

**u/dj_menyo** (323 points)

Think it's Sweden from the part of forgetting swedish language from the shock.

**u/woiashenseea** (322 points)

... a real mom wouldn't accept your liver. She would stop drinking. You're too sane to be related to them smh

**u/intarresting** (293 points)

My mother is in the bed next to me dying as we speak. I would not ask you to go through this procedure to save her. Her liver failure was genetic, not behavioral. Take this for what you will.

**u/PlasticCaterpillar6** (281 points)

Thank you! It helps to hear it from others, not just mumbling it to myself. If she had been a real mom, I like to think I would have done what I could to help her.

**u/Wraith47** (207 points)

Don't do it. She doesn't deserve shit.

**u/PlasticCaterpillar6** (191 points)

I'm sorry to hear about your mom. I wish her a peaceful passing.

**u/PM_MAJESTIC_PICS** (190 points)

Exactly— that doctor sounds incredibly irresponsible. It’s unethical to try to pressure someone in that way.

**u/catcarer** (181 points)

sorry mom that is not how it works. parents give life to children, the children do not give life to parents. parents just go and die when it is there time. you made your time come faster. to bad so sad bye bye.

dont do it. even if she was the best parent in the world you should have a very hard think about it. but then if she was the best parent in the world she wouldnt be demanding your liver, but telling you to  keep it yourself.

**u/wellbehavedhuman** (175 points)

Healthcare is free in Sweden. The doctor can't be money driven, as there is no money to be made.

**u/Sergeant_J_Doakes** (159 points)

Holy shit, that is infuriating. This is the sort of stuff you'd expect to hear on r/childfree or something like that. Do not do it, all that will happen is you will get very ill/potentially dead, and your mother will drink the other liver to shit.

**u/PlasticCaterpillar6** (148 points)

Actually I posted there first, but someone told me this was a good Place for it too...i guess I just wanted some support in this, even if I already made up my mind.

**u/klopenburg** (148 points)

Think about yourself

**u/lillyringlet** (144 points)

Doesn't realise that there is abuse historically and is trying to save his patient and limit her having to go on the waiting list then use up resources.

**u/Catseyes77** (134 points)

Narc mom had a lot of time with the doctor so she probably gave him the woe is me im so good spiel and labeled her nc child in a bad picture.

In his mind he might be pushing a horrible person to help a poor sick woman. I doubt if he knew about the abuse he would even ask.

OP was right to turn back home.
