# "I did my best" that's what my nMom said after i told her my doctor upped my medicine dosage because of the abuses I suffer ever since i was a kid. It's a long text but please just upvote if you don't want to read. Some validation would be nice during this quarantine where i'm stuck with them.

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/heyeveryone2  
**Score:** 7,293  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/fsfgna/i_did_my_best_thats_what_my_nmom_said_after_i/  

---

Edit: i'll put the edit on the top since most people will read here. First, i wrote this in the middle of rage and tears and although i say "I just hope i don't kill myself before getting away from this pieces of shit." at the end, don't worry, i have 0 suicidal thoughts towards this problem. It was all in the heat of the moment. Also, i may have portraited my mom as the bad guy here and although she is faaaaaaaar from perfect, the real toxic waste on the family is my grandmother (that also lives with me and my mom). This doesn't excuses my mom's behavior but it kinda explains a little.

My grandmother from my mother's side is Hell on Earth. Always making people feel bad. Always complaining. Always trying to make one against another. I honestly can understand my mother's choice to marry the abusive homeless alcoholic she did. She was just trying to escape her mother but doesn't have the guts to acknowledge that.

When my mom met my dad he lived on the back of an old deadass store he rented. My mom knew that but kept this secret from everyone else because she was embarrassed to be dating someone like that. I can understand. They ended up getting married and having me. The only reason my dad has a home and had a family for 15 years, despite being an abusive alcoholic, was because this was still better than living with my grandmother.

That was until their marriage fell apart after some physical abuse that he did with my mom (while he was beating me, it was all good, even funny sometimes, BUT the moment he touched my mother she filed for divorce).

Nowadays we live with my grandmother and the amount of shit i have to endure daily is unbelievable. While we were arguing yesterday about how my childhood was FAR from normal she said a nice sentence like this took all the guilt from her: "I did my best".

Your best would be to not marry a psychopath. Your best would be to at least protect the kid from this psychopath. Your best would be to at least don't downplay the abuse your kid had to suffer and is still suffering.

Nowadays i have to take antidepressives to survive until i get away from this house and i also take Valium twice a day (more if necessary, my doc allowed) so i don't lose my patience and ended up ruining a day because of a simple argument. I even developed PTSD from my grandmother after all this years (PTSD that of course is a lie to them). My heart literally starts beating faster and i feel a panic attack coming once i'm around my grandmother or my mother comes to talk to me.

I HATE MY LIFE. I just hope i don't kill myself before getting away from this pieces of shit.

---

## Top Comments

**u/CrystalGris** (844 points)

My Nmom said this too. Along with "I'm not perfect." They honestly think being a good parent is doing the bare minimum (and sometimes less). Like they gave you life, so now the rest is on you and you must worship them. It's gross.

**u/heyeveryone2** (462 points)

I once told her something like "congratulations on doing the bare minimum to not have your kid taken by social agencies" and she replied with "once you have a kid you'll understand".

To be honest, i am terrified of having kids one day because my role models come from tv and movies. But in case i get a kid someday i'll do my research, go to classes, do all i can to give them their best life. And most importantly: teach them not to be afraid of me. If someday they catch me saying some dumbass bullshit to them, they have my permission to call me on this. I'm not letting my kids hate me or think i'm pathetic like i do with my parents.

**u/CrystalGris** (262 points)

For so many years, I was made to believe that I was too young and naïve to understand anything important. I patiently waited to be an adult so that I would understand. And it turned out, I understood the whole time. The realization helped me be more confident about seeing my reality for what it was. This included ignoring phrases like "You'll understand when you've got your own kids." If you know how to be a decent human being and if you are capable of empathy, you'll do just fine as a parent.

**u/PowderKegSuga** (134 points)

You're absolutely right, and it infuriates me that she didn't prioritize you, her child. My mother did the exact same--she wasn't doing her best, she was doing what she wanted.

**u/heyeveryone2** (100 points)

&gt; For so many years, I was made to believe that I was too young and naïve to understand anything important.

I feel you on this and the funny thing is, since i'm still the youngest, my opinion is still the one the matters the fewest. My mom is constantly posting about her life on social media, tagging family in pics and showing the world who is who and where everyone meets. She even says on facebook where she is going before heading out of the house. Me, a graduating student on computer science, am tired of telling her how dangerous this is. I even remind her of the times when i was a kid and she used to say "don't use your real name or say anything that can identify you, it's dangerous". 10 years later she's doing 10x that and my opinion, the opinion of a soon to be computer scientist, doesn't matter because i'm younger than everyone else.

I honestly don't even care anymore. Last month she had her credit card stolen after putting the info on a payed dating app (yes, i'm not lying, she pays for dating apps) and asked for my help since i work in tech. I told her to call the credit card company and never use her card on dumb things like that. She called me useless because i couldn't get her money back and protect her from getting her info stolen. Motherfucker, i understand how 1% of the world's technology works, maybe not even that. There's a big difference between understanding things and being able to manipulate everything i want. Jesus...

**u/heyeveryone2** (82 points)

Dude (sorry if you're a girl, i call everyone dude lmao), i read a comment here once that made me go OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHH SHIT. It was something like: Most bad parents have a pretty crappy and sad life and they know that, so having a kid and using it as a trophy is all they got. Idk if that applies to my mom but i'm damn sure it applies to my dad and grandmother.

**u/CrystalGris** (73 points)

Well what's the point of having children if they can't give you what you want? Lol

**u/purple_reign94** (67 points)

You know the sad thing is, she might actually be telling the truth. A lot of these people are so broken that they do not know how to love, nurture or care for others. They should not have children until they can sort themselves out but what can you do?? Too many messed up people are having kids who end up with all sorts of issues due to abuse, neglect, abandonment etc.

**u/CrystalGris** (54 points)

Wow. That actually resonates. Funny thing is 90% of the obstacles my nmom faces in her life were created by her. Including choosing to have children that she then had to....CARE FOR??? Though to be fair, she only had to raise me. I raised my sister for her.

**u/Stella-Fusilla-2020** (49 points)

You have quite a clear vision on the what and the why of the situation you are dealing with and that’s good. Don’t let go of this. I do sincerely wish that your situation will change for better soon.

**u/heyeveryone2** (48 points)

When she said she did her best i thought about saying "yeahh i do my best at uni as well and have 3 failed classes. Sometimes your best is not enough". But i decided to keep quiet and just get out of the room.

**u/smartimarti_** (43 points)

Know what I understand once I had a child?  I understood just how crappy a lot of the things they did actually were.  It made me see it so much more clearly!!

**u/latenerd** (43 points)

I'm sorry. Your mother is a coward. You deserved so much better, and you are living in a war zone right now IMO. Grey rock the shit out of these people.
Much love and hugs to you &lt;3

**u/Ramcem87** (40 points)

"just wait til you have a kid" is bullshit. 

It was when I had kids (not babies anymore) that I realized just how shitty my parents were. The made excuses or said I'd be like like my mom and it was appalling. It was like they gloated or wished bad behavior on me.

My kids are the reason I woke up from this nightmare.

**u/fudgeyboombah** (38 points)

People say “I did my best” and they *mean* “I did my best and that should be good enough for you.”

And for most things, “your best” is in fact good enough.   But for some things, people can do “their best”, and fall short, and it simply is not enough.

Your mother probably did do “her best”.   Very few people actively choose to do less than they are capable of for their children.   *But that does not absolve her of her failure.*

She tried her best to be a good mother.  *She failed.*

There is no escape for her.  There is no absolution in “I did my best”.   It is like that thing yoda says - you do or you do not, there is no try.   She did not.   It doesn’t matter that she *tried*.  She tried and *failed*.

Almost only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades.   *Trying not to abuse someone only matters if you succeed*.

Some people are so damaged that they are not fit to be parents.   Those people’s “best” will never, ever come close to good enough.   I’m so sorry that you had to experience your mother’s “best”.  I’m so sorry you had to live through that, and continue to live through it even now.

**u/heyeveryone2** (38 points)

A part of me believes that once i have a kid i'll see that it isn't this hell bad parents make out to be. Of course there is the waking up at night, helping at school...Basically living a second life. But if you have a child, you basically signed up for that and having another human that loves the shit out of you and would be there for you no matter what, i am sure it pays off the hard work by a long shot.

**u/heyeveryone2** (30 points)

I wrote this post in the middle of rage and tears and now i realize i made my mom sound like the source of the problem but she wasn't, it was my grandmother. I honestly can understand someone being raised by that piece of shit and not coming out as a normal human being. Maybe she did her best, but her best was completely blurred by her narcissistic mother's bullshit.

**u/theinkwell42** (26 points)

It’s amazing that these people genuinely think that giving a kid life is enough and everything else will just work itself out

**u/heyeveryone2** (24 points)

Thank you very much for the reply! I wish that too. Have a nice day, internet stranger!

**u/jmccorky** (22 points)

If you are fortunate to have had great parents (like I did), it's easier to be a great parent yourself. If you had a shitty parent or two (like my parents did), I think it's probably harder because you don't have a great role model, but it's still absolutely possible. I think the number 1 thing is to be self-aware and remember what it was like to be a child, so you can strive to give your child all of the love and support you wished you had had at that age. Yes, parenthood can be hard sometimes.  But I can say with absolute certainty that being my daughter's mother has been the best thing that ever happened to me. You sound like you will be an awesome parent one day! I hope you find that same fulfillment when you are ready for children.❤️

**u/CrystalGris** (22 points)

And then are at a loss when the kid doesn't want anything to do with them!

**u/PowderKegSuga** (20 points)

Probably for the best. She seems like she'd just make herself the victim of her unreasonable, demanding child. 

Y'know, since wanting a halfway decent childhood is so much to ask for. /s

I'm sorry you're having to deal with this.

**u/Theeilien** (19 points)

You know as a kid I started hating my mom posting photos on social media portraying how happy we all were. Wtf. I started refusing taking photos and then I decided I'd not smile in any of them. Any. She blamed me for ruining our happy moments. I understand where you are know. Don't worry you will get out of there. I got out almost 4 years ago and I'm still working through it. My advice don't hold on to the past and forget to live the present. Don't let all that anger ruin your studies and your opportunities. They are bad parents. I'm sorry, but that is not doing your best. Doing your best is actually considering other people's feelings and specially your kids. They just don't do it. They always blame others and how they did not have a choice. I read a lot of people on saying that is your turn to break the chain of abuse. And for what you are saying, you are a great human being who is already doing it without having a close example on how to do that. Stay strong. Edit: a lot of typos

**u/korenestis** (19 points)

I'm going through this right now with my first kid. The biggest thing I found to help is to think to yourself that at least you know how not to do things. And you also know the parent that you needed and deserved, so you can be that for your kids.

**u/cnmfer** (17 points)

Same here. My mom has wished my kid grows up to have a difficult personality (?!) so that parenting is hard for me as punishment for not worshipping her.
