# Guys. I freaking made it

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/ijusthaveaquestion3  
**Score:** 7,228  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/aji9e1/guys_i_freaking_made_it/  

---

3 years ago I graduated early at the top of my class and a full ride to my dream school. 3 years ago my nmom ruined it for me. Stole the money I had saved for my deposit and refused to sign the consent form for underage college freshman saying that I hadn’t “earned it”.  She then spent all of my savings on putting my sister in college. I cried, I was angry, I was bitter. I felt like I had worked to get out from underneath her only for everything to come crashing down. Last year I decided I was going to do something about it. Opened my own bank account, got my own cruddy job, bought my own car, and put my nose to the grime stone (That’s my typo and I’m sticking with it gosh darn it). My dream school had a 10% acceptance rate for my chosen program. I applied and I prayed and waited. I didn’t tell a soul and it triggered so many memories of little teenaged me doing the same thing hoping to get away. I posted here 19 days ago with an update as to the charade and was given not only some crazy helpful advice but the push I needed to get back up again. I collected all my documents, figured out the fafsa, grey rocked like crazy, and waited. These past few years have sucked.

But today
Today my dream college accepted me back.
They gave me a great financial package and the dean even helped me to find work in my chosen field so now I even have a job waiting for me when I arrive on move on day.

I just paid my deposit

203 days. 1 Hour. 20 minutes.
That’s all I’ve got to wait before I can move in and finally get away.

I freaking made it guys


UPDATE:
Holy freaking crud guys! I leave to go to work for the day and come back to find that my phone is lagging because of all of the dms and comments. I’m speechless. I spent the day Narc proofing. Brand new back account with all of the checks I’ve been hoarding from work, changed all my internet passwords, submitted a change of address with both the post office and school. Turns out my guidance counselor was also the same person as the first time i applied, and She’s also who nmom talked to to stop it. She’s put a note in my file that I am the only one to make any type of decisions. She set up a verbal password for me and everything. Two of my coworkers and I sat down and planned everything I needed and they’re gonna help me find a second job to afford the costs. Main issue is a computer. Nmom stole mine last year so it’s like starting over but I’m sure I’ll figure it out! One of them even offered to host a trunk party for me at their place and store everything in their basement till it’s time to go! The librarian said she’d help to find some grants for the moving costs and expenses the aid package didn’t take care of so I’ll be meeting with her Sunday! I’ve never really moved let alone gone to school before. I have no idea what I need let alone where to get it but a google search seems to be in order.

Thank you for all of your support and your encouragement. I couldn’t respond to them all but I certainly read every single message. This is the first time I’ve felt hopeful in a really long time, and one of the first times I’ve felt this much support. Thank you. Really thank you.

---

## Top Comments

**u/TotalBS_1973** (3,150 points)

Please keep this info as quiet as you can in case your mom tries to sabotage it.

Congrats on conquering your dream!

**u/youssef9820** (990 points)

And she will try so be careful op

**u/dakangl** (811 points)

Hell yeah!!!

Keep it a secret. And some packing advice, start now. In ways that you can. Start downsizing what you don't need and get rid of it. Claim you watched that new Netflix show about cleaning.

Most grocery stores will give you free boxes when it comes time for that. 

I am moving out in 15 hours.... And still no where near done packing. Don't be me. Get it done as soon as (safely) possible.

**u/hillgerb** (548 points)

It sucks that the top comment has to be a warning. I guess it’s just the reality of the situation unfortunately :(

Nonetheless, Congratulations OP!!

**u/Stormjoy** (524 points)

Congrats! You can make it through those 203 days!

**u/ijusthaveaquestion3** (416 points)

I will!
And you’re in my thoughts friend. Stay safe and at the very least dm me when you’re out so I know you’re ok.

**u/Coin3572** (365 points)

Congratulations mate, just wait it out. Patience is a virtue. I'm not gonna say it'll be easy from now on. But you have SOMETHING to look forward to. They can't take that away. So just wait it out.
I do t know you, so this might sound insincere, or weird. But I'm proud of you, my guy

**u/superthotty** (292 points)

u/ijusthaveaquestion3 make sure to tell your uni to only allow you to access information and stuff like payments, sometimes helicopter parents and nparents call schools to de-enroll or change payments and can fuck you up! Tell them to under no circumstances allow your nmom to access any of your information or allow her on campus, anything like that, in case she ever finds out about all this. Good luck

**u/AchillesHighHeel** (218 points)

OP, if you ever need someone to ask college related advice to, please send me a DM. I empathize with a lot of this &amp; want to make sure that you can make the most of your dream program when you arrive. 

Also, CONGRATULATIONS!!!! Such wonderful news that you were accepted &amp; are supported there.

**u/JurassicFlora** (181 points)

"The flower that blooms in adversity is the most rare and beautiful of all." Congrats yo!

**u/dakangl** (155 points)

I will, if you promise to do the same!! Stay safe.

**u/MewlingRothbart** (153 points)

Her hateful ass will try and sabotage it. Don't tell her a damn thing. Hide your books, your info. Get an offsite locker or storage bin if you can. Post Offices allow you to rent bigger units for a monthly price. UPS does this, as well, and you can use it as a local address for safety. I did this and it really helped. Keep going out of pure spite. They want you to fail? Knock 'em down and roll over 'em. Your greatest revenge is success!

**u/ijusthaveaquestion3** (141 points)

That’s a deal! Stay safe and stay awesome

**u/popiepark** (141 points)

OMG i thought I was the only one. My Nmom literally went behind my back to turn down a 250k scholarship to my dream school. I felt sooooooooo fucking bad when I logged online to accept the scholarship and saw that it was rejected. I told Nmom about it and she had this huge smile on her face while telling me how she did it so we can be together for a few more years. I had to go to community college for 4 painful years. (nothing wrong with CC, but something wrong with getting As my whole life so Nmom wouldn't beat me only to have her destroy the only good thing that came out of it) I just got into grad school and I also got a job. I'm leaving this Sunday after being lowkey about it for 4 years. Also going 100% NC. She can suck it. Anyway, you got this!!! It'll be great!!!

**u/thebop995** (128 points)

Yeah and I’d get a P.O. box so no mail from the school shows up at your door and leads to questions.

**u/ijusthaveaquestion3** (120 points)

I’m an audio engineer. Love live sound, love studio work. Got into it to get away and became pretty good! Started producing garage bands but now have had the opportunity to get a little bigger. I’ve got some friends a bit larger in the industry that have promised work if I’m in town and one a job after graduation so I’m just excited to get there, learn and network.

**u/Sirrwinn** (111 points)

Wow I loved this convo, wish you both well

**u/KindlySwordfish** (104 points)

To extend on the afore-mentioned advice: if there's some stuff you don't plan on bringing, **do no throw it out!** Leave some stuff behind, stuff that you don't care about. Your nmother will sit on this stuff and try and use it as a way to lure you back. And as long as she thinks she has the upper hand because she's "holding your stuff hostage", she's less hesitant to pursue you.

**u/allofthesedyingstars** (99 points)

I’m assuming at this point OP is 100% over the age of 18. If they’re in the US then federal law protects them, their grades, their financial information etc etc unless they’ve signed some forms allowing them to release info like that to their parents.

**u/Splatterfilm** (76 points)

Can you get a safe deposit box for your documents? Including a copy of your car documents, school letters, prints of emails, pretty much any paper.

And only close it out after you’ve left her house for the last time.

**u/ijusthaveaquestion3** (75 points)

That was the most civilized thing lol. I’m a girl but I appreciate the thought my dude.

**u/ijusthaveaquestion3** (73 points)

I do! Problem is I tried that but apparently it was one of those shared accounts. I’ve had it since I was a kid and didn’t know till it drained so nothing to be done there. My biggest feeling of revenge is when I’m out of here.

**u/LadyJohanna** (73 points)

I'm loving the support, but damn it's so odd to read safe well-wishes being extended to people living with the families that ought to be protective rather than destructive.

Best luck to both of you and please do be safe. Gray rock the shit out of things, and keep your head down and your patience and wits about you, just a little while longer. XD

**u/DrewIsAWarmGun** (67 points)

Congratulations!

**u/idiotsonfire** (63 points)

Congrats, OP!  What field are you going into?

As others have said, just remember to keep things quiet.  Narcs will try anything.  Keep you cool and you're free.
