# Nsister's cat has same trauma reactions as I do!

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/[deleted]  
**Score:** 7,194  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/jnej05/nsisters_cat_has_same_trauma_reactions_as_i_do/  

---

EDIT: I have been asked to share this picture of my honeybun: https://www.reddit.com/r/Chonkers/comments/gok8l6/my_new_best_friend_professor_chesterfield_chair/ 



I adopted my dead Nsister's cat. For weeks he had been locked in a tiny bathroom with no real social contact. He ate his feelings and got fat. He was yelled at constantly and blamed for anything and everything: something broke, something fell, he puked, he made his litter box dirty because he used it, he meowed too loudly, etc. Kitty could do no right. Now that he lives with me he has been doing better and becoming more social. So, it was breakfast time and I was filling up his bowl with the delicious kibble and he was very excited. He couldn't wait, and jumped up onto the (broken) table that is really unsteady. Well, he is a big guy, and the table fell over. It's a tiny table. It had some change on it, and some papers. No big deal. But he ran, terrified, and stared at me from the corner of the kitchen. He was waiting for me to scream at him and hit him the way *she* would have. I myself had frozen because growing up I would be yelled at and hit for small accidents all the time. I was frozen too. He looked at me, I looked at him, and then I relaxed and asked him if we was okay? He immediately ran up to me and was loving. He watched me pick up the papers. I told him the table is broken and it is not his fault. I know he didn't understand that, but he understood that I wasn't mad at him for an accident. I realized that both of us have been treated similarly by people bigger and stronger than us who are supposed to be protecting us. Well, no more yelling. Accidents happen. We all deserve to be treated better. And yes he got breakfast right after.

---

## Top Comments

**u/theone-9** (2,156 points)

I am glad he is a better house where he is not yelled at. I think you and this cat will grow a real strong bond. 
That was a good read. It brightened my day.
Though I am sorry for your lose of your sister.

**u/bootsie_mcgee** (810 points)

I'm glad kitty is with you now. Cats can suffer from PTSD and remember traumatic events. They have both long and short term memories and can hold on to experiences for up to a decade, sometimes longer. Cats are also capable of experiencing emotions and their brain structure, while not identical, is very similar in ways to humans. They can suffer a variety of mental illnesses, have a concept of object permanency, and can feel anxiety and all sorts of stuff. They can even pick up on our emotions.

Kitty needs you and your understanding, and I think he's in great hands. I wish you both lots of healing moving forward.

**u/[deleted]** (466 points)

Same... Broke my heart and brightened my day. I’m happy Kitty is in your care now, what a beautiful thing. 

I’m sorry for your loss.

**u/anaesthaesia** (328 points)

I think most long term cat owners (knowing others will presume they're putting too much thought into the cats actions) have experienced even the more reserved cats sensing one's sadness and moods, and being more receptive and loving when that happens or even being unwell.
I had two cats that could be quite boisterous with eachother, many play fights and stuff. Except from the one week when I was out cold and entirely helpless with strep throat. They were quiet and checking on me frequently, they even seemed okay with their meal times being askew because I slept half the day.

I love cats!

**u/10PointOne** (246 points)

I'm not crying, you're crying.

**u/mercybenelli** (234 points)

There are still complicated emotions that come with it. Yeah, they lost their sister long before her death, but they can still grieve for what they never had.

**u/thumblesore** (213 points)

I can totally relate to this. My sister got a dog which she left to my nmom to take care of. My nnom isn’t abusive or anything but doesn’t seem to understand the dogs’ needs.  Whenever I try to talk to her about it she gets angry, saying she does a great job taking care of the dog: “I walk it twice a day and feed it and sometimes throw a ball.”  But never pets the dog. Dog is locked in a tiny laundry room all day and ignored. The doors are all scratched up from the dog trying to get out to be with people. The neighbors complained because he would bark and cry, waking up their baby, so at night he is crated alone in the  dark, cold living room.  At one point he was so stressed he would pee and poo in his little crate and my mom would scold him for this behavior. She blamed me for petting the dog and making him “overexcited”, causing his barking and peeing.  I wasn’t to touch or interact with the dog or remove him from his crate or let him run around the house,  not even if I was the only one home, because the dog was “dirty”.  Well, yeah. It’s a DOG for crying out loud.

I saw the dog in its cage, in distress, and it filled me with so much grief. I would open the door, let it out, and sometimes lay down on the floor next to it.

That’s when I realized, I was exactly like the dog. My mom provided for all my basic needs like food, clothing, shelter, but neglected every last emotional need, and would yell at me about minor things or for having normal emotional responses. She cuts me off if I try to say anything because the only important voice is hers. I was never allowed to go anywhere or do anything and my not having friends was ideal since my parents hated having anyone over. I was the dog in the laundry room, and it made me anxious and stressed. I was sitting in a figurative puddle of my own pee and had no way out.

**u/Thatvideogamenerd** (206 points)

My cat has PTSD. It took my years to get him to trust me and rehabilitate his extremely aggressive behaviour. 

All because his previous owners  let their snot nosed gremlins abuse him and they beat him because his eyes had a red glow to them (trait of being Siamese) when they crystals in his eyes would reflect light. 

The day I got him I remember his foster mom saying “I don’t know why you want him. He is way too aggressive and his eyes glow red.” 

Me: “Because I can provide him with a loving home and so what his eyes glow red. That is a trait all cats with Siamese in their blood share.”

Here I am 10 years later with the most loving and cuddly cat I have ever known. 

I gave him what he needed and he gave me what I needed, and we both have mostly healed.

**u/Bizness_Riskit** (181 points)

Oh man do I feel that.

My cat is very needy when it comes to his food. he wants it NOW and if he doesnt get it NOW expect things thrown in the water bowl. 

Except if I'm having a bad day for my mental health. If it's a bad day he stays super chill and cuddly all day and doesn't throw stuff in his water bowl at all. We've been a duo for 5 years thus month and it's to the point where sometimes he knows I'm in a bad day before even I do.

I wish I knew how he knows I need him to be chill somedays vs. days when he can do w/e.

**u/m0nstera_deliciosa** (116 points)

There's a toy called a cat dancer that moves like a fly/moth, and my little guys chase it until they're absolutely panting. It managed to take a pound or two off the chonk I adopted last year who stress-ate himself into a protectively portly state. Maybe your new guy would like one? (This is not meant as criticism or like I think you don't know anything about cat toys, I just know this one is effective for slimming hefty cats:) )

**u/ChuckMeIntoHell** (113 points)

I assume you mean physical abuse when you say your mom isn't abusive, because I'm pretty sure that this is considered animal abuse. Neglect is a type of abuse, it's just not overt abuse.

**u/f41c10** (101 points)

i am not.

**u/mikhela** (95 points)

Scientists aren't certain, but they think that something in your smell changes when your mood or health changes that your cat can sniff out. Maybe you smell different when your dopamine levels are low?

**u/samiam2367** (83 points)

Why am I crying about a strangers cat rn

**u/Inspector_Gadgeteer** (82 points)

My grandma found a black cat hiding behind the freezer in her garage about 13 years ago. She spent time with it, gradually convinced that cat she wouldn't hurt it, fed it, and lured it into the house, where it immediately hid in the basement. She did some more feeding, luring, and sweet-talking, and finally it lived in the house with her. She named it Inky. That cat even slept in Grandma's bed and sat on her lap eventually.

Inky was always skittish. We think Inky had an abuser in his past because he would freak out and run out of the room if you approached him with anything in your hand. Scooting back your chair in the dining room created a noise that always sent him into panicked scampering to the basement. He lived with her for 11 years and he improved a lot, but he wouldn't let most of the family touch him and still fled sometimes when Grandma did ordinary things.

**u/Beachonheat** (79 points)

....please have empathy

**u/anaesthaesia** (77 points)

I'm fairly certain that having a cat in your lap legally excuses you from any and all obligations!

**u/[deleted]** (73 points)

He would love that! I have got him some toy mice and a long rainbow felt ribbon on a stick that I puppeteer into a snake for him, as well as up-and-down-the-stairs running play, and he is down 2 lbs in 4 months! He is able to jump higher and play longer now, I am so glad.

**u/Bizness_Riskit** (72 points)

Scientists always comin in clutch with the knowledge. Thank you scientists for doing the science.

**u/Thatvideogamenerd** (68 points)

Yes it is a reflection of light. It is a very common Siamese trait. Every single cat I have had, that has had Siamese blood in them, their eyes have done that.

They had a problem with it because they are heavily religious and kept going on and on about how Chase (my cat) is the devil.

**u/Curly_Shoe** (68 points)

They lost their sister long before.

**u/LindaBitz** (67 points)

Yeah, this hit me in the feels.

**u/horrifiedson** (59 points)

Glow red?  That's just the reflection of light, right?  I didn't realize this was more notable in some breeds or that anyone would ever have a problem with it.

**u/Darphon** (57 points)

We lost my 16 year old girl last week and while our boy cat hasn't been looking for her or anything (they never got along) he has been more cuddly this week than normal. I couldn't get him off me on Sunday, I needed to do laundry but he wouldn't let me!

**u/Melonpan_Pup442** (56 points)

Please tell me you let the dog out to find a new family. Your mom is a horrible abusive bitch.
