# Y'all refuse to be a safe haven for your children on some " the real world won't coddle them" bullshit. Ofc they won't . That's why they need to learn what love looks like so that later on they can realise when they are being treated badly.

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/kab_um  
**Score:** 7,126  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/io909p/yall_refuse_to_be_a_safe_haven_for_your_children/  

---

I can never say this to my parents on their faces so like a coward writing it here.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Equal-Ear2312** (400 points)

it is funny because now as an adult I know the world is not all good. but it isn't all bad either...

but as a child all I knew was if my parents were bad, the world musta have been a horrible, horrible place. 

my mum used to play these games with me where she would insult me and hurt me verbally. she called it pointing out flaws and in her defence or justification she said she only did that because she loved me because if I knew how to take it from her, then I would not be bullied (or i would know how to take it from anyone else... whatever the "it" might have been). so yeah, the real world won't coddle you, but let me abuse you so you get a taste early on in life!

**u/cutiebunny429** (261 points)

Wish I could staple this onto my forehead

**u/elemen-op** (235 points)

This hit hard. My parents constantly warned me of endless suffering if I ever dared move out, swore I'd come crawling back to them after experiencing the real world. But all it's done is make me truly realise how wrong their treatment of me was, and how enjoyable life could actually be. So didn't really work out in their favour lol

**u/hellknight101** (234 points)

This perfectly illustrates the problem with codependency. You have been treated like shit by your parents and were bullied for standing up for yourself. So you end up becoming a walking doormat and let everyone in school, work or your social group take advantage of you. Yet people who have been shown love and admiration as children learn to set healthy boundaries, and are more equipped to take on the world. 

Of course, your narc parents tell you that they did it "for your own good". And when you call them out on it, they begin playing the victim and make you out to be a terrible son/daugher. It's ironic because when they age, if you treat them the way they treated you, they will start wondering what they did to deserve this. Well, you said it yourself, the real world won't coddle you.

**u/hellknight101** (190 points)

&gt; it is funny because now as an adult I know the world is not all good. but it isn't all bad either...

Exactly this! When I found a job, got accepted into uni and started paying bills and rent, I realised that the real world isn't nearly as hostile as living with an Nparent. Because at least in the real world, if someone treats you like shit, you have the option to walk away.

However, if you're a child with narc parents, there is no escape until you turn 18. You can't find a job, by law you are required to live with your parents, and if you don't want them to punish you, you have to do as they say. That's probably why so many messed up people have children. They want someone to control and dominate for the rest of their lives, and as long as they don't break any laws, they can do it as much as they wish. To add insult to injury, society will have their backs, and will guilt trip the child for escaping, because "parents are always right"...

**u/giantechidna** (130 points)

My mother still proudly totes that she raised us with a "no whining zone" policy. 

Ok bitch, your two adult children are incapable of emotional intamacy or processing emotions, regularly self harm, and have cripling depression because of your instance it was never ok to feel anything ever, but go off Laura, hope you enjoy dying alone with no grand kids.

**u/queenseauni** (116 points)

This

**u/GOOPY_CHUTE** (105 points)

&gt;They will start wondering what they did to deserve this



No, they won't. You will become the "bad guy" and everyone within earshot will know about it.

**u/kishan291** (98 points)

I’ll do it if you do it

**u/waidt99** (96 points)

This so true. A common exchange my mom and I had was me saying this isn't fair and her replying the world/life isn't fair. I would say but you can choose to make this fair if you want to, it doesn't have to be unfair and she would repeat the world/life isn't fair.

**u/Equal-Ear2312** (74 points)

after I left, when I was 19, I came to the same realization. 

it seemed that the parent would treat me badly to get me used to being treated badly, though. when people were nice to me or simply behaved decently, I would be almost in tears as I considered it a kindness!

you can all imagine what a skewed worldview you get if every day you are subjected to the same treatment, no matter if you go to school or attend several extra activities, you as the child put on a persona to cope with it all, a persona that is very different from the person you are at home. if at home I was used as a punching bag, I tried to not carry that around when I went to school because of potential bullying. The bullies could smell me, though, as if my very skin emanated something that screamed: "punch me". 

what the N abuse and mistreatment does is make you think this is all you deserve, this is how it should be, this is how it's going to be. 

it's like Plato's cave allegory... when you are in their range, you only see shadows and they can be very scary but when you leave the cave (the N home), then you open your eyes to a whole different world.

for me, it was as if I had to learn to walk all over again. 

even though I am now 30, I am still far behind with some things because the marasmus of that metaphorical cave still lingers and my sight is sometimes unfocused.

**u/Bucketbotgrrrl** (64 points)

Gothel is one of the best portrayals of the narc mom ever. Seems like the writers had a bit of experience :/

**u/[deleted]** (63 points)

i love how normalized it is to make your kid hate life before they can even fucking start it.

then everyone pulls the surprised pikachu face when the suicide rate fucking skyrockets.

they'll probably find a scapegoat to blame it on aswell. like schools for example, who just say "mah it was phones lol" when their 17th student commits suicide in the restroom from their wretched and disgusting septic wound they call "education".

**u/JoeAloisusMiller** (58 points)

Exactly this! I'm not asking The World to be fair, I'm asking *you* to be fair!

**u/kab_um** (57 points)

"However, if you're a child with narc parents, there is no escape until you turn 18."

I turned 18 last month and my parents have already made it clear that no matter what , I cannot have a personal life. They neither understand the concept of personal life nor do they want to .
When I told them I wanted to do part time now that I'm 18, I was this close to getting thrashed because I'm greedy for money and that I should be focusing ONLY on my studies for now .
There's no escape for some people.

**u/edging-while-blunted** (55 points)

I understand your feelings so well about the inability to process emotions or have any emotional intimacy. It is so difficult to get through that wall.

My nmom also raised me not to "whine" about my feelings and she made fun of me whenever I cried or felt like I needed affection because my feelings were hurt. I quickly learned that it was best to keep all that shit in and to just sit in the shower and self-harm to release the emotions.

As an adult, I often don't discuss my feelings with my romantic partner because I am terrified they are going to make fun of me as well. I'm terrified they are going to see me as weak, a nuisance or a burden. It is a constant source of work for me to remind myself that this person would not be here if they did not care about my emotions in an intimate way.

Hugs to you on your journey to healing.

**u/back2me78** (50 points)

I would also say - if we can’t have our own flesh and blood love us - why in the world can we be expected to find love among strangers easier.

**u/OpheliaCordelia** (50 points)

Literally mother Gothel

**u/hollyberryness** (50 points)

But the world still has a terrifying tint, thanks to them. I can't seem to unsee it.

**u/malerevolution** (49 points)

They also need to know they have a right to not be treated badly. I was always told I had to take whatever anyone dished out or I wouldn't make it in the world. For a long time, I lived that way and got no reward for it, only treated worse and worse.

Nobody had a right to treat me that way, and I deserved better. For the most part, it has gotten better for me. Not perfect, but better.

**u/fildarae** (45 points)

And meanwhile they expect their children to coddle THEM. Funny how the logic flips when they’re the ones who need comfort.

**u/StoicallyGay** (44 points)

TFW since I was like 12 my ndad expected me to treat my parents like my bosses, and if I don't he would say "would you treat your boss this way? If you do you'll lose your job and be homeless."


Which makes sense I guess because he treats me like a underpaid employee on the verge of being fired.

**u/Beetlejazz** (44 points)

I feel this. So hard.

**u/gold-from-straw** (42 points)

Use post-it notes. Staples HURT lol!
