# Happy father’s day to the kids who raised themselves after being abused, neglected, or abandoned by the man they should love

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/L7weeniez  
**Score:** 7,010  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/c1b571/happy_fathers_day_to_the_kids_who_raised/  

---

Happy Father’s Day to myself, and you all, for being my parents and helping pull me through all this shit. I’ve been coming to RBN since age 11 for help. You guys have been my “dad”, more than he ever has. 

give yourself a pat on the back today for being the person you are today. You did yourself better than he ever could do for you. You are courageous, bold, and loving beyond belief. You are not what he said to you, or what he made you feel- you are the strength you’ve had to overcome it. 

We deserve a toast- to all the “kids” who were their own father, happy Father’s Day! You’re independent, badass, and hopefully free from your Nfathers.

You deserve and ARE loved. you are not any less of a person without your father, only stronger.

Edit: the title should read, “by the man who should’ve loved you”. You owe nothing to the man who hurt you. He’s the one missing out on YOU

---

## Top Comments

**u/[deleted]** (302 points)

Props to you. More than props - strength and courage. 

I see more bravery strength and courage on this sub then I see anywhere in my life. It takes a truly brave soul to parent them selves, whether it is since the age of 11 or as an adult. The hardest thing is to know that it doesn’t have to be your reality. You can give yourself love. And find love. 

I can’t express in words how much I feel for everyone on the sub who has had to make the hard decision to focus on being their own parent. In addition, so much of healing involves going back and giving yourself the parental love that you never had. This is beyond difficult to wrap your head around. Happy Father’s Day to everyone. From today and beyond.

**u/Jadesands** (140 points)

A toast to loving ourselves, honoring the child within us all and breaking an awful cycle of abuse for the next generation. 🥂

**u/[deleted]** (140 points)

On this day I am thankful to my father for being no longer in my life since ive cut ties to him when I was thirteen, and me thus having a chance at healing in his absence. I hope he'll overcome his own traumas even in his old years and can let go of the bitterness and narcissism that turned him into an abuser, but I wouldnt count on it either.   
I thank myself and most of all my father "google" which allowed me to teach myself what my parents wouldnt, which was mostly everything.

**u/amadexodus** (71 points)

This. This this this.

I've come a long way since I found this subreddit, and I'm convinced that the support here was what kept me from going insane when I came out of the fog (and subsequently went NC). I used to put down my decision to cut ties as "not brave" because I did it in an instant of clarity as a means of self-preservation. I also showed up on my chosen family's doorstep seconds away from a mental breakdown and trying to hide the emotional terror as well as the tears. Turns out, the voice telling me I wasn't "brave" was the same emotionally abusive voice telling me that I was "weak" for walking away, for needing help to walk away, for not handling my choice with steely resolve. And we all know where that voice comes from, don't we?

Walking away from my family and untangling the snakepit of demons inside of me is the bravest thing I've ever done.

**u/L7weeniez** (64 points)

breaking the cycle of abuse takes so much, that’s one of the hardest parts of being RBN. Props to this support group for doing the best things for ourselves and future children

**u/igneousink** (63 points)

Trigger Warning!!  

I lost my virginity to my dad at the age of 5 so father's day is a bit rough.  

Luckily I was born with a big heart, great mind, old soul.  

I turned out OK.  

Reddit has been a surprising source of inspiration, knowledge, support and shared experience.  I'm really happy it exists and hope you are loved, too.

**u/ordasan** (63 points)

This is the first post today that made me realise it's father's Day today. I'm speechless. Thank you very much. I've spent the day with my three kids. We had fun, ate some ice-cream and they look content with this day. NC for 8 months.

**u/raz_MAH_taz** (55 points)

And not just Google, but reddit has been more than helpful with those quirky homework questions (even at the age of 36). My parents not only couldn't help me with those, but would make me feel stupid for asking.

To echo OP, happy Father's Day to all of us - here's to trusting our instincts!

**u/BergenNJ** (47 points)

My coke head NDad died three months ago.  The world is a better place with out him.

**u/mzwfan** (47 points)

Thank you for this.  I am in my mid-40's and after one final incident that was the final straw, I am trying to go no-contact.  This was about a month ago and I had forgotten that father's day was right around the corner and so my first challenge for being NC was sooner than I had anticipated.  I have always, since a child had a very, very hard time wishing ndad a happy father's day, he has always been nothing short of mean and cruel to me, I don't even understand lovebombing or hoovering, bc he has NEVER done this, just 100% toxicity all of the time, negative feedback.  This is the first year I am not forcing myself to wish him a happy father's day and the first time I am truly being authentic to my true feelings and history with him.  I know that ndad/nmom/flying monkey GC brother will come down on me, even my brother who isn't a flying monkey is uncomfortable with this territory.  I am trying to stay strong, I will be called all sorts of horrible names, gaslighted, blamed, told that I am a horrible person, for not, "respecting" my ndad.  It always helps to know that I have this community to seek support from, should I need it and as I navigate through this process and time of growth and self-prioritization.  Thank you!

**u/L7weeniez** (45 points)

You were born with all those things and you’ve done so much for yourself, on top of that. 

You are not alone, today. I’m proud of you.

**u/bibibismuth** (44 points)

it's very annoying when people with normal families think you're in the wrong for not texting or visiting your father

**u/NoahJelen** (29 points)

I decided to message a man who I used to work with (he was my supervisor, and a great one too) and wished him a happy father's day. This man was basically a father-like figure to me!

**u/99876665557766** (27 points)

❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️

**u/Jadesands** (27 points)

Celebrate YOU, twice!

**u/MadTrini** (26 points)

My old man has said he's been dying for the past 10 years. He is perfectly healthy. He says and does whatever he wants because he must always be the center of attention

**u/TigerLillyMew** (25 points)

Lucky, mine only thinks he's dying.

**u/Perfectionlumiere** (24 points)

It’s like adding insult to injury today is my birthday too.

**u/badnewsmaracas** (20 points)

Thank you. I needed this today. My dad just had surgery to remove his stage 4 cancer this past week and he told me to"stay the fuck away."  This was a new level of hurt - even from him.

**u/librarymoth** (19 points)

I have a close friend who has a shitty dad like mine, and we were talking about the culture shock of meeting the supportive parents of our partners. It's so wonderful to be loved and accepted by other people's families, if your own sucks. To quote Bobby Singer, "Family don't end in blood."

**u/curlyquinn02** (19 points)

My thought process on Mother's and Father's day is that my parents only care about themselves so I had to be my own parent. You don't have to feel sad or guilty because of what your parent  did to you to make you not want to celebrate these holidays. They did horrible things to you and you are just trying to protect yourself and have happiness; which they want to take away from you

**u/shellyminelly** (18 points)

That is the hardest, I'm constantly questioning if I AM ACTUALLY raising my children the total opposite from my own childhood or am I just fucking them up in my own new way

**u/andronikaluna** (17 points)

Yes! Here is to everyone trying to be nothing like their N parents 🥂
