# Someone just said “I didn’t have role models growing up, just ppl I never wanted to turn into.”

**Sub:** r/raisedbynarcissists  
**Author:** u/mickeyvv  
**Score:** 6,952  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/gtq66d/someone_just_said_i_didnt_have_role_models/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/notmebutmyfriendsaid** (1,349 points)

I pretty much decided in my teenage years that I was going to do the direct opposite of what my nparent did in just about any circumstances.

I still have some things to work on, but it largely worked out.

**u/Potahtoed** (359 points)

I too have decided that ... One day I will leave my house and be a mature non violent adult unlike my nparent

**u/Caspin-E** (328 points)

I decided one day while I was 11 (and on the toilet) that I would never hit my kid, and would never treat them the way my parents always treated me. Look at that, an eleven year old more morally sound than her asshole 40 year old parents.

**u/Neversleepytime** (281 points)

I was attending a work training event. Everyone had to give a role model and why when called on. I felt so dumbfounded. I didn’t realize that I’d never had a role model to look up to and I seriously didn’t know how to answer.

**u/EasternRock** (200 points)

I know right.
I’ve seen the results of nparent and I don’t want that for my sake or for the emotional and physical safety of others.

**u/YouDrankIan** (167 points)

I had to invent my own role models out of musicians and actors that inspired me.
Currently they include Alice Cooper, Corey Taylor and Tom Hiddleston.

**u/spare_princess** (135 points)

I once told my NDad that I didn't want to date anyone like him. Basically, any guy who reminded me of my Dad got shown the door.

**u/boringlesbian** (134 points)

Just as a cautionary tale: My nmom's mother was a horrible abusive drunk and my mom decided to be the complete opposite of her. Turns out the direct opposite isn't necessary a good person either. My grandmother was a drunk, my mom rarely drank but a therapist once told me she acted like a dry drunk person with the emotional ups and downs...laughing one minute, crying the next, etc. My grandmother was a messy person, my mom was "mommy dearest" about cleanliness. I would spend hours each weekend dusting every leaf on every plant in the house as well as all her knick knacks. If one was place back in a slightly different spot or angle...she would go all Annie Wilks on me. My point is, just try to be kind. Every time I react to something the way my mom would, I catch myself and ask "Is this kind?". If it is, I have no problems being like her. If it isn't then I try to make it so.

**u/emkayginge** (115 points)

I also learned that any guy that my father liked and got along with was a BIG red flag

**u/alienz67** (111 points)

I have this same struggle.  I used to answer...i have a negative role model,  someone I don't want to be anything like. I've worked in enough places and done enough things now that I've had some great mentors and colleagues that I can use in a positive answer now, but it's taken a while.

Edir: spelling

**u/Ryanaphos** (102 points)

Made a oath to not be an emotion gas lighting bitchtard to my kids like my mother is. Oh and to not be a thieving scumbag father. Father has gotten somewhat better, mother exposed her racist colors.

**u/Tina45332** (85 points)

When I told my therapist that age 11/12 I made conscious efforts to be sure I wasn't like my Mom, all she could say was "Well, that says a lot" was quiet for a bit and then said "Facinating".

To many therapists and counselors have found me "Facinating". I don't want to be facinating to them!! Hahahaha

**u/going-easy** (66 points)

I was asked about role models by my new therapist recently. I loved reading comics as a child, 80s, Germany and the main characters from The Adventures of Tintin and Prince Valiant came to my mind immediately. I hope I  can reconnect and gain some strength from both of them soon. My parents were, like it's been said here many times, ppl I don't want to be.

**u/DipsyDoodIe** (57 points)

Absolutely this.

I was once so deadly scared of turning into the same abusive n-parent as mine and never ever wanted any children, to spare them of the same horrible fate.

Even though I now know that I turned out to be more empathetic, loving and compassionate, I am still childless but instead a happy mother to three fur babies. Lol.

**u/Hotdogs-Hallways** (55 points)

I’m sure they were not expecting that level of self-awareness from a child. Plus the obvious inner core of strength. I’m simultaneously impressed and saddened that this even had to be a consideration at that age. In your case, I’m pretty sure fascinating was a good thing.

**u/SqueezyCheesyIsGood** (52 points)

I never knew what I wanted to be when I grew up, but I sure as hell knew what I didn’t want to be.

**u/EgyptianDevil78** (50 points)

That's a mood. Especially as my parents represented two different ends of the spectrum. My mother was cold and logic based (though, she did act as if her emotions were logical and other peoples were not); my father was emotional and volatile, prone to painting people black and getting into these rages.

So, my goal has always been to walk the line between those two. I don't want to be so out of touch with my emotions that I am cold but I **cannot** let my emotions control me.

As an adult, it's odd to have a role model. Someone who I *can* look up to and know they act in a fairly reasonable manner. I almost don't really know how to handle the situation.

**u/thiccthixx6** (49 points)

Me too. In the 5th grade we had to present who our number one role model was.. I had Chester Bennington as my role model. Meanwhile other kids had their parents and I remember thinking... Is that what we were supposed to do? If so, why couldn't I?

**u/Neversleepytime** (45 points)

I think a great mentor is one of the most valuable things you can come across

**u/jax9999** (42 points)

Ditto.  I only
Has things I didn’t want to do.   When the kids were born I literally said to myself.  Just do all the opposite of the things your mom did.

**u/the_greatsarcasmo** (41 points)

That's great advice, thank you! I've been struggling with comparing myself to my estranged male parent and this will help me come to terms with it a bit better.

**u/DataStuffDenmark** (41 points)

Reminds me of my little brother, once he got a school assignment, where he had to give examples of what a of good role model is for him. 

Since he has none, he decided to write about the impact of having no good role model, which wasn't good enough for his school. 

So during the presentation, they pressured him to talk about his positive role model, since you can't not have one, until he just said that Shadow the Hedgehog was his role model. He ended up talking about Shadow the Hedgehog as a positive role model for 15 minutes, and they loved it.

**u/LittleRedGhost4** (36 points)

Poison Ivy is one of mine. She doesn't have a clear 'side' she fights for, working with batman at times as well as harley against the joker and then working with harley AND the joker against the bat. She convinced harley to leave the joker, on more than one occasion, she has fought joker because of this. She can routinely be talked out of turning Gotham into plant land, and it didn't matter how stacked the deck was against her, she always believed in what she was doing (instead of alot of senseless violence and revenge fulfilment of alot of the DC villians).

**u/MoonLover10792** (36 points)

Same here, but now I am having to learn to find balance. There are things I associate with my nparent that have nothing to do with their being terrible.

**u/Cheeseboy21** (35 points)

Haha you made me laugh. Toilet wisdom.
Good you did!
