# The hug heard around the company.

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/texasgunowner12  
**Score:** 31,054  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/63frsn/the_hug_heard_around_the_company/  

---

I was thrust a laptop by an angry exec early this morning with him complaining that his laptop had locked up again. Normally we have a ticketing system in place for any and all tech issues. However when an exec wants something he bypasses the system because of RHIP. So I go through the normal routine of diagnosis and through my efforts I see that the issue is simply bad ram. I replace the ram and take the unit back to the exec. 

He tells me he refuses to take the unit unless I have made 100 percent sure that everything that was wrong with it is fixed. Internally I wanted to punch this man but I held it in and simply asked him what other issues he was having and pulled out a notepad. He ran through a load of issues that all screamed "just run fkin ccleaner" to me and I took his unit back to my desk. 

After going through and cleaning out BS installed programs used literally once and never again and cleaning out junk data, I found that a folder in his roaming was reading 12GB but was hidden. I log in with my creds and enable viewing hidden or protected files and I see that the hidden folder was from 2014. Basically it was just a bunch of pictures and looked to be a temp folder created by one of the old programs I removed. Some kind of picture manager or some such. 

Normally when we see personal pictures on the machine we are supposed to delete them immediately. Now no one EVER does this as we are not that big of dicks in the IT dept. Plus this guy was an exec so I decided to just move the pictures to his desktop under a folder I created called Old Pics. 

I took the laptop to him and informed him of the pics telling him I left it up to him if he wanted them deleted or not. He thanked me for my time and I went back to work. 

About an hour later him and his wife, who had come up to join him for lunch, came over to my desk. He seemed very happy and she was crying. 

Now normally when I have nothing to do and a boss comes over, I stand up to greet them. Just the way I was raised I guess. I was not prepared for what followed and was totally shocked by the outcome. 

The lady wanted to thank me for finding the pictures and the exec reached out to shake my hand thanking me profusely before pulling me into a hug in front of the entire IT department. I awkwardly hugged him back and he let me go embarrassed. My eyes are wide flabbergasted and totally unprepared for this, extremely, out of character moment from this guy. 

Barely able to hold back the tears, his wife tells me that the pictures I recovered were thought to be lost. In 2012 their 4 year old son had died of lukemia and the pictures I recovered were taken right before his diagnosis at 3 years of age. Because of a  house fire a few years ago they thought they lost every last photo of their son. Apparently those were the photos I had recovered. 

His wife reached out to hug me and everyone in the IT department stared at their screens hard with puffy eyes as we were all not expecting this kind of emotional event today.

My boss came out of his office to personally thank me and forwarded an email chain to me ahead of a company wide email that the CEO sent out basically retelling the tale while naming me personally. He threw in words about striving for excellence and the unexpected results of every day excellence. 

I had to turn off my skype for business as the attaboys kept coming in one after the other. My boss told me to take my lunch early since the flood of messages was making it hard to do my job. 

EDIT: Post this before lunch one day, don't log into reddit for a bit, realize post went nuclear. RIP inbox. Thanks for the gold you 9 kind redditors.

---

## Top Comments

**u/dcfrenchstudent** (9,245 points)

attaboy

**u/bagofwisdom** (9,151 points)

How's that for unintentional compassion?

Seriously though dude, that's the way to be.  You had every right to follow policy to the letter, but took the thoughtful route for someone that had not earned it.

**u/phil8248** (8,367 points)

Could be the guy is a dick because his kid died.  I was a dick for years after my wife died.  Grief comes out in different ways. “Be kind. Everyone you meet is carrying a heavy burden.” -Ian MacLaren

**u/Ryltarr** (2,649 points)

attaboy

**u/joyous_occlusion** (2,325 points)

And this is why we put up with ass chewing after ass chewing, weapons-grade stupidity and ignorance on a daily basis, and pointless meetings...that one moment where something small has such a huge, positive impact on the person that goes way beyond help desk metrics and SLA compliance.

EDIT: forgot a couple words

**u/sirjusticewaffle** (2,204 points)

attaboy

**u/Sqwonk-Sqwonk** (2,028 points)

attaboy

**u/BleedingCatz** (1,779 points)

attaboy

**u/Das_blobfish** (1,725 points)

Well the attaboys start coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming

**u/ThePrussianGrippe** (1,616 points)

I genuinely don't blame him. That has to be something he thought of and kicked himself for every day. To have those back almost seems miraculous. OP is a saint to that couple.

**u/HalfBad** (1,417 points)

I like this story, a lot, and as a father I wonder if you realize what you really did for them. Imagine working, growing a life, career, getting married, then maybe between 30-40 you have a beautiful boy. Your hopes, dreams, legacy, all culminated in this new little human.

Then the worst of the worst happens, anger, frustration, financial strain, blame, loss and then years later you lose every image of your child. 

Maybe you can't have another, maybe it's too late in life. Every day after that for years you try to hang on to the memories of who they almost were and hold on to what they looked like, sounded, smelled, felt like, all the while fading as time tends to do.

Sure you remember, but the most subtle details of a photo bring back so much, the way their hair was, their favourite shirt, the goofy smiles. To me that is very scary, to not even be able to look and remember, particularly in an age where there is so much visual record of things, we rely less and less on our memory and more on the ability to access those memories.

Then to have those back by chance, is incredible. I can tell you that night and many nights after they were looking at those photos crying, laughing, seeing and recalling all the little details of children that make them so special to us. You brought him back to them in a way.

I wonder if they look at his picture before they go to sleep, hoping to dream about him, be with him, if only for a while.

edit: TY for the gold and my highest comment thing! Go hug your kid, family, friend, loved one!

**u/squier511** (1,340 points)

Attaboy

**u/Rikairchy2** (1,228 points)

Attaboy

**u/Ryltarr** (1,161 points)

This is part of the reason that I *never* wipe a device with personal data, and *never* neglect to save personal data. I've got a hard drive at my desk with about 100GB of personal photos from employees that are gone, but I'm not wiping it. They might come back years from now and ask for pictures of a dead loved one or something, so a few old, slow (but functional) HDDs are worth it.

**u/Yahiroz** (1,150 points)

attaboy

**u/Tangent_** (1,108 points)

Attaboy

**u/FatBoiFace** (1,039 points)

Databoy


Edit: apparently I made someone laugh enough to give me my first ever gold, thank you!

**u/thehighground** (987 points)

Just one word

Attaboy

**u/wOlfLisK** (838 points)

"Here's your laptop back. By the way, I found a bunch of hidden pictures from a few years back and I deleted them to free up 12gb of space. Don't worry, they didn't seem important, it was just a bunch of photos of some kid with his family"  
^^^^"You ^^^^found ^^^^photos ^^^^of ^^^^Timmy ^^^^and ^^^^deleted ^^^^them?" ^^^^;_;

**u/uptokesforall** (825 points)

MY OPTICAL SENSORS ARE LEAKING

**u/Send_Me__Corgi_Gifs** (799 points)

Attaboy

**u/Poncho_au** (799 points)

This is another good example of how an angry grumpy user isn't always a bad person or shitty user. Sometime they are just so frustrated at the difficulty of their day to day life by having a slow or crashing computer.  
Sometimes they just need a little TLC.

**u/NoodleSchmoodle** (688 points)

Rank
Hath
Its
Privileges

**u/Werewolf35b** (680 points)

Jesus Christ. Child dies of luekemia then you have a house fire and lose every picture of him? Jesus Christ.

**u/whooope** (666 points)

attaboy
