# This one's a simple one, but I can't get it out of my head.

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/marinojesse  
**Score:** 28,097  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/616n7q/this_ones_a_simple_one_but_i_cant_get_it_out_of/  

---

I work in a store that offers technical support for consumer-level technology.

A few days ago I had an elderly gentleman that we'll call Pete (name changed for privacy). Our receptionist made him a walk-in appointment earlier that day and I ended up taking it. When I opened it all up, the only notes I saw were "Third-party software, hard of hearing."

I walked up to Pete and greeted him, saw that he was staring at my lips as to read them, then I asked if he knew American Sign Language (ASL). I've been trying to learn ASL it as a sort of side-hobby for a few months now. Pete signs "yes" and we continue the conversation in Sign. Turns out the issue is with Skype, which keeps crashing on his roughly 5-year old tablet, and he's been having difficulty video-calling his wife who is Deaf.

She lives in a different continent, she travelled there for a temporary work opportunity and would be there for two years. This being the mid-way point, it's now been 1 year since Pete's seen his wife. Skype is the only way they both know how to communicate efficiently long-distance, as neither are comfortable with email or other text-based services.

As I go through verifying that he knows his password and making sure there's a backup of his device, Pete and I are signing back and forth and his face was completely lit up. I felt so good to be able to, albeit slowly, speak with him in his language and give him the time he deserved, even if his reason for visiting us had little to do with our physical product.

Once everything was verified and backed up, I uninstalled Skype and reinstalled it, had Pete sign in, and use Skype's test call to ensure it wouldn't crash (as it would immediately upon call creation before). Test call went through fine. Sweet.

I looked down to write a few extra notes and began to hear some coughs. I looked up and there was Pete, crying while waving to his wife through Skype. Pete called her and she picked up! He introduced me to her and told me that it'd been 3-weeks since they'd heard from each other. I stepped away to give him a moment alone.

It's moments like these that keep me going as a technician. Even though I barely touched Pete's tablet, "fixing" it made me feel like a hero. It's been a few days and I can still see his smile.

Just thought I'd share, thanks for reading.

Obligatory: Wow, this exploded overnight! Thank you all for your kind words. Seeing the response I've gotten from all of you has made this experience even better! You guys are an amazing community.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Le_Vagabond** (3,883 points)

introducing old, isolated people (often widows) to the wonders of video calling and the internet at large was always a nice moment...

"wait, you mean there's ALL THE BOOKS IN THE WORLD in this tiny thing ?"

yes ma'am, that's exactly what I meant.

"can you put some recipe books in there for me ?"

yes ma'am, what kind ?

cue a pie or other pastry coming in for me later that week...

**u/theskillr** (2,980 points)

Im not crying you're crying

**u/ka-splam** (2,183 points)

&gt; cue a pie or other pastry coming in for me later that week...

Now I'm imagining:

"You don't have to stick with playing Solitaire, there's all kinds of other things you can do with a computer :)"

"Oh, I'm good with Solitaire, it's enough for me."

"It can be very convenient, not just other games, there's books and .."

"You're very kind, but no thank you."

"You don't understand, there's *recipe books*. Specifically *delicious pie recipe books*. I really think it would be, uhh, beneficial if you'd consider the pie or pastry recipe books.."

**u/The-Weapon-X** (1,320 points)

Take all my upvotes. Fantastic story. I once got to help a couple of blind people with their computer issues, and while not nearly as heart-wrenching as your experience, it was still very rewarding to be able to assist people who had additional disadvantages beyond the norm, not to mention earning their trust and respect.

**u/polly_waffl3** (843 points)

My grandparents made it up to the 130,000th game of solitaire before they upgraded their old computer, I doubt they'd want to do anything else as well

**u/Log2** (559 points)

Everybody loves gaming, one way or another.

**u/jtriangle** (551 points)

I'm not crying, I just have a spec or something in both of my eyes.

**u/Khliyh** (501 points)

&gt;He introduced me to her and told me that it'd been 3-weeks since they'd heard from each other.

Not for Pete it hasn't.

**u/fishburnm** (452 points)

Dammit, who's been chopping onions in the server room?!?

**u/PebblesPotatoes** (435 points)

my eyes are sweating from all that reading

**u/kittykat713** (366 points)

My parents grew up before computers and we used to spend weeks in the summers up at a cabin with no tv or technology. Mom taught me SO MANY WAYS to play solitaire.

**u/marinojesse** (324 points)

Technically correct, which is the best type of correct.

**u/alluran** (290 points)

&gt; people who had additional disadvantages beyond the norm

I like what this implies &gt;:)

**u/Frustrated_Deaf** (284 points)

As a deaf tech who used to assist deaf people whenever they come up the counter, I wish more techs were like you! 

Good job applying your ASL skills and there was one time when I was called for assistance to an emergency at a store in a different state so I flew over there and met the acting supervisor who will be supervising the store for a week. I was surprised to find out he know sign language and the HQ specifically requested him to accompany me because they knew I was deaf. 

We got along really quick and it was smooth sailing at the store. At the end of the week, we went back to our home states and before we went our way, my acting supervisor told me to tell my supervisor that he needs to learn sign language because he felt that bosses should learn sign language if they have a deaf employee. He added that if my supervisor don't learn sign language, I should transfer over to his store! 

He was awesome and he did share the same first and last name with a deceased, yet very famous musician.

**u/StillABrrr** (276 points)

I come for the stories but stay for the readers tears.

**u/Sarke1** (219 points)

There's a program called solsuite that has been around for years, it's a good one. You can even make your own games. I put one in there that my grandmother taught me so I can play it sometimes.

**u/HisGloryAlrighty** (212 points)

I had an old lady patient who LOVED to read and was complaining to me one day that she is completely limited to reading only the books in the large print section. She said the selection sucked, but she loves to read so what was she going to do?


Me: Have you tried one of those book tablets? 


Her: No, I like the feeling of a paper book. Never looked at the computer stuff. 

Me: I believe the tablets can change the font size to whatever you want for any book. 


I'll never forget the slow look of realization creeping over her face. Her eyes widened. 


Her: Any book? 


Me:  Yeah, any book.

She bought one an hour later and had a beaming smile the next day.

**u/PM_ME_UR_REDPANDAS** (206 points)

https://imgur.com/ll6pPxK

**u/kittykat713** (200 points)

Oh man yeah. The one everyone knows as solitaire is actually called Klondike. Free cell is also a type of solitaire. There's loads of ways.

**u/rex_francis** (197 points)

The guys at /r/wholesomememes would get a kick out of this story.

**u/epiclabtime** (147 points)

When I was a teenager I was working in a shop that sells all sorts of household stuff in the UK. I usually worked the complaints desk because I didn't mind it but everyone else hated it (people would often trade me their breaks if I did their CD shift for them) 

Anyway one day I'm at my desk waiting for someone to show up when I hear my colleague a few tills down having difficulty with a customer. He was a teenager like me and we got along well so I wandered over to see what was up. His customer was lady in her early 20s who seemed like she was deaf from the way she talked and I could see that she was staring at his lips while he talked, but my friend always spoke very quickly so she couldn't tell what he was saying. I offered to take over and talked to her slowly and deliberately over pronounced my words so she could see all the shapes I was saying. 

Turns out she was looking for camping equipment so I helped her find what she was looking for, put the order through and helped her over at the collections desk (not my job usually). After everything was done she asked to speak to my manager and I thought "oh no! I've overdone it and offended her!"  I was sure I was going to be fired. So my manager comes out and I walk away. 

A little while later my manager calls me into her office and tells me that the lady just wanted to tell her how grateful she was that I understood what was going on and put the effort into helping her. Apparently it really made a difference. 

This happened 15 years ago and I still think back to it sometimes. It didn't take a lot effort for me to help her out but it made a difference to her.

**u/zanfar** (141 points)

I'm not crying! I'm allergic to feelings, dammit!

**u/twtechdude** (133 points)

It's people like you who give me a bit of faith in humanity.

**u/LaResistance92** (130 points)

There's... multiple ways to play solitaire?
