# Ma'am for the 50th time we cannot give you your sons password.

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/TacticalBastard  
**Score:** 18,413  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/752c89/maam_for_the_50th_time_we_cannot_give_you_your/  

---

LTL FTP, etc.This happened last year, but a recent post elsewhere sparked the memory

Little Background: I work IT at my college, usually I work in back so I don't have to deal with people, but once a week I get to grace the helpdesk. My school gives it's students a lot of privacy and they can decide what the school can release to other people when they come for orientation, it ranges from we're an open book to we can't verify the students existance. This student selected, we cannot verfy his existance which applies to everyone that is not an immediate family member.


So be me, bored out of my skull watching the minutes tick by of the last 5 minutes of my shift, ready to get dinner. I get a call from whom shall be known as $apache (very agressive helicopter parent, hence attack helicopter).


**$me**: Thank you for calling $myschool ITS help desk how can I help you


**$apache**: Hello! My name is $Apache and my son goes to the school, but is having trouble logging in to $ouronlinepanelforstudents can you give me his password?


**$me**: I'm sorry to hear you're having trouble however we do not keep students passwords on record, however if he is having issues with it he can reset it online, call us, or come down to $buildingwe'rein to come get it fixed!


**$apache**: OK can I get it reset then? He really needs to get in


**$Me**: I'm sorry but it has to be him who asks to get it reset, I can't do it for anyone else


**$apache**: But I'm his mother, I can get it reset for him


**$me**: I'm sorry but it _has to be him_ who comes and gets it reset, it can't be anyone else, even his immediate family


**$apache**: But I'm his mother, I've done everything for him


**$me**: I understand that, but college policy states that only the student can request a password reset


**$apache**: I'M HIS GODAMN MOTHER YOU INCOMPETANT PEICE OF SHIT, GIVE ME HIS GODAMN PASSWORD


At this point I know it's about to get fun, I look back at my manager, who is totally awesome and loves stuff like this, and signal her to get on the line and listen.


**$me**: I understand your frustration, however I can't go against college policy, I would reccomend that you call your son and tell him to call us to get is password reset. 


**$apache**: NO, YOU LISTEN TO ME YOU LITTLE SHIT, IF YOU DON'T RESET 
$hersonandpersonIknow's PASSWORD RIGHT NOW, I'M GOING TO GET YOU FIRED


Her son was one of the guys who lived on my floor and I knew, but wasn't really friends with.


**$me**: Ok, let me talk to my manager and see what I can do.

I go back to my manager who is already smiling about this lady, and I tell her I know this guy and if it's alright to text him and let him know that his mom is on the phone asking to chage his password. Since its about his account she says go for it.


**$me** -&gt; **$myfriend**: Yo buddy your mom is on the phone cursing me out cause I won't change your password, did you need it reset?


**$myfriend**: What no. I know my password, why is she calling you?


**$me**: She's saying you forgot your password and is now going off the walls, I put her on hold and I'm sure she's steaming at this point


**$myfriend**: Wait, what's her name?


**$me**: $apache


**$myfriend**: lol that's not even my mom it's my stepmom. 


If you remember from the very beginning this student had selected the "I dont exist to the outside world" privacy package, so now we could have even more fun with the attack helicopter parent

_back on the phone_


**$me**: Hello $apache?


**$apache**: Yes! What took you so long!!


**$me**: Sorry I was just looking over some information and I don't see you on our files anywhere being related to any of our students.


**$apache**: So what! I just want my sons pasword!


**$me**: I'm sorry, but we have parents of our students on record and youre not on any of them


**$apache**: $student is my step-son! That's a son!


**$me**: I'm sorry, we can't release any information at all to anyone that's not an immeditate family member. 


**$apache**: He goes to the school and I'm his mother! Give me his password!


**$me**: I'm sorry I cannot verify $student's enrollment at our school.


**$apache**: WHAT THE FUCK DOES THAT MEAN YOU LITTLE SHIT, I'M GOING TO HAVE YOU FIRED.


At this point my manager is giving me the "cut the call" sign so I just tell her:


**$me**: I'm sorry I couldnt be more help, thank you for calling $school. Have a nice rest of your day


**$apache**: DON'T HANG UP ON ME YOU LITTLE SH-   *click*

It was now 5:04, 4 minutes past the end of my shift so I get up and leave. Apparently she called back 5 minutes later and went balistic on one of the other nerds who works at the desk.

---

## Top Comments

**u/niosop** (8,114 points)

It's not just school policy, it's FERPA.  Next time go with "So you're telling me that you want to enter into a conspiracy with me to violate federal law?  Could I get your name again?"

**u/TacticalBastard** (3,549 points)

We take FERPA a step further. All students fill out FERPA and then another thing like FERPA thats for the school.

**u/Cmonster9** (1,964 points)

That is actually FERPA. You are not even supposed to verify enrollment/existence to anyone unless the student signs a FERPA release.

**u/spoopysky** (1,939 points)

I approve of your school's policies. Good on you and your manager.

**u/TacticalBastard** (1,599 points)

Yeah I'm aware, but as IT we can't check FERPA status, but we can check what they put down for the schools privacy form. They're supposed to be the same but while FERPA is just on or off, the schools thing has a few different tiers of what we can and can't say.

**u/DaddyBeanDaddyBean** (1,230 points)

&gt;$apache: I'M HIS GODDAMN MOTHER YOU INCOMPETANT PIECE OF SHIT  


&lt;/click&gt;

**u/blankzero22490** (1,169 points)

FERPA FERPA FERPA

There we go. Now it doesn't look like a real word.

**u/TacticalBastard** (950 points)

Yeah me too. They're serious about privacy

**u/zigzagg321** (857 points)

TIL: Stepcopter parent. Worse than the normal death chopper parent.

**u/JoshuaPearce** (673 points)

It wasn't a real word to begin with.

**u/Mistral_Mobius** (640 points)

No, it was...  
&gt; $apache: I'M HIS GODAMN MOTHER YOU INCOMPETANT PEICE OF SHIT, GIVE ME HIS GODAMN PASSWORD  

She was so enraged, u/TacticalBastard could **HEAR** her misspelled words.

**u/7H3D3V1LH1M53LF** (623 points)

Try pulling that shit in scrabble, mate.

**u/tepkel** (577 points)

Cross post this to /r/raisedbynarcissists. They will love you for it.

**u/notaddictedtokarma** (490 points)

I hope you keep a recording at your school. Student may need it for his future restraining order.

**u/nibiyabi** (455 points)

A few acronyms that are allowed in Scrabble:  
  
RADAR (radio detection and ranging)  
SCUBA (self-contained underwater breathing apparatus)  
LASER (light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation)  
AMU (atomic mass unit)  
AWOL (absent without leave)  
FUBAR (fucked up beyond all repair)  
SNAFU (situation normal, all fucked up)  
SYSOP (systems operator)  
WYSIWYG (what you see is what you get)

**u/TacticalBastard** (452 points)

_exactly_

**u/Valtharius** (398 points)

As someone who had such a parent during my college days, thank you for standing firm. Having your parents actively go about ruining your life in the name of "being concerned about you" isn't something a lot of people understand and often do take the parents side (regardless of legal/privacy requirements). It's nice to have someone on the side of the kids of 'copter parents :)

**u/npaladin2000** (398 points)

Wow, talk about evil stepmothers.

**u/TextileDabbler** (308 points)

"Yes, ma'am. I will be filling out a identity theft notification and forwarding it to the police department for them to process and file charges. Have a nice day and thank you for calling!"

I always tried to leave them with a happy sign off.

**u/MurielBristol** (276 points)

Quite possible that she has some experience threatening people successfully. Not everyone is as professional as OP. Not everyone is lucky enough to have a boss who can see the humor in an unreasonable, irate caller.  

I once had a neighbor cancel our gas, water and electricity service when we were out of town.. both the city and ComED let him do it. Spoiled a lot of food. He did it to several people in the neighborhood after being forced to demolish an outbuilding that he built without getting permission (sucks I know, but the ensuing tantrum was a bit much). Ended up moving after a police investigation, not for his actions against the community, but because he pissed off the wrong person, who accused him of something significantly worse that turned out to be true.

**u/TacticalBastard** (261 points)

We don't ☹️

**u/TacticalBastard** (251 points)

Will do

**u/Aggraphine** (235 points)

So FERPA is either yes or no, while the school's thing ranges from "yes here's the information on that student" to "I'm sorry, but I don't seem to have records of that individual" and several points in between?

**u/electorghp** (234 points)

At my service desk we do - 60 day backlog - and for something this good, it'd get exported out &amp; saved for posterity! The recordings are a good thing -- ostensibly for QA &amp; training purposes, but really great for holding users accountable for what they really said &amp; for protecting my techs from abuse...

**u/TacticalBastard** (227 points)

I was more concerned about keeping my job, but yeah no problem
