# No sir, I can't show you how to commit a federal crime

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/gigabyte898  
**Score:** 14,798  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/6h03os/no_sir_i_cant_show_you_how_to_commit_a_federal/  

---

The repair company I work at is a small business and has two locations, one of which is in an interesting area. As such, we get a lot of interesting people. This guy came in yesterday. 

**$User:** "Hi, can you show me how to access someone's text messages? I found some tutorials on YouTube but they didn't work"  
*I assume he wants to backup the messages so I start walking him through how to sync his phone*  
**$User:** "No no no, I want someone else's messages"  
**$Me:** "Wait, this isn't a device you own?"  
**$User:** "No"  
**$Me:** "Do you have consent from the owner to read their messages?"  
**$User:** "No, that's why I need you to show me how to see them"  
**$Me:** "Sir, if you don't have permission from the other person to read their messages it's illegal to access them. I can't show you how to do that here"  
**$User:** "Well do you know anywhere else that can"  
$Me: "No sir, I'm not aware of any other repair shops that can help you do that, it's a federal crime. I can pull up the relevant laws regarding unauthorized access to someone's personal devices if you'd like"

*Cue standard rant of "you guys are supposed to be the experts" as I stare blankly into the distance losing more faith in humanity*

---

## Top Comments

**u/da_apz** (4,059 points)

My standard answer for "you're supposed to be a professional" after declining to do something is "exactly, that's why I said no".

**u/BerkeleyFarmGirl** (2,853 points)

In cases like this (and this is an extreme as federal crimes are involved) I always think of a bit from Penn and Teller's classic "How to Play with Your Food".  

One of the chapters is how to make a pickle glow in the dark.  I have seen it done and it's a fun nerd party trick (the Ba-Tampte pickled tomatoes work even better as they become glowing orbs).  

The text basically says "You run electric current through the pickle.  If you have to ask any more questions about how, you definitely shouldn't be doing it."  

EDIT:  Wow, my most popular ever Reddit comment!  Y'all have some great stories and "Electric Pickle" will be the name of my Sixties cover band.   For some of you, I think they might have said "house current" (it's been a while) which may provide all the info you need.

**u/MoneyTreeFiddy** (2,334 points)

"Sir, I am sorry someone is clipping your chick, but you need to move on. If you're married, get a lawyer."

**u/Shadesbane43** (1,814 points)

I work in a hardware store. Had a guy one time ask where the outlets were. Showed them to him, then he asked if there was a difference between indoor and outdoor outlets. I told him I wasn't sure, and before I could say anything else, he cut me off and said "Why are you here then? What do you do?"

I know better than to change my own outlets without knowing anything about them.

**u/HuoXue** (980 points)

If I had the knowledge on what was suitable for use and how to install it, would I be making minimum wage selling it to people giving me attitude?  Unless *you* know what you're doing, I'm pretty sure electrical work in your house isn't a DIY project.

**u/scorcher24** (767 points)

"Hold on Sir, I call in our Expert"

*calls police*

**u/frisian2** (713 points)

"And if you want to go any further with this plan, get a criminal defense attorney alongside your family law attorney".

**u/z3r0sand0n3s** (537 points)

Short of running great lengths of Romex, it's really not that difficult. Outlets are stupid simple, I've lost count of how many I've changed out or added. 

But yeah, only after I was certain I knew what the fuck I was doing. Like, *really* certain. Only shocked myself once 😂

**u/BerkeleyFarmGirl** (511 points)

I wish I had more than one upvote for this.

**u/Astramancer_** (457 points)

At this point you refer them to the police with some made up nonsense about how all they have to do is show cause and the cops will help them.

**u/gamageeknerd** (421 points)

I got this same thing once but they had the phone with them. I could tell right off the bat that this gold iPhone in a pink sparkle case wasn't this 45 year old mans.

**u/FellKnight** (414 points)

"Best I can do is 5-10 years."

**u/theknyte** (408 points)

You got to know what you're doing, before even attempting to work with electricity. I've killed breakers to rooms to change outlets and still got shocked because the idiot before me didn't do something to code.

**u/Codile** (343 points)

*goes to copy shop*

"Hey guys, can you copy this hundred dollar bill for me?"

"No, we can't. Also, that's a crime."

"But you're supposed to be professionals."

**u/Joshsed11** (318 points)

"Alternatively you could plot an excessively convoluted plan to kill the other person. I could probably help with that one."

**u/Easilycrazyhat** (291 points)

The previous owner became something of an infamous joke in my parents first house. Apparently he was a very DIY kind of guy, but was clearly incompetent. Felt like we were finding something he fucked up at least once a year for quite a while.

**u/Kenny_log_n_s** (285 points)

As a future first time home buyer, this right here scares the shit out of me, more than anything else in this thread. I didn't even think about what kind of hidden, not up to code shit some previous owner could have done.

**u/MonatoMonatoe** (280 points)

I gave this comment my upvote, so it's like you have two now

**u/Loko8765** (246 points)

Some friends of mine bought a new house, fresh from the building company. They lived in it for two years before they "noticed" that the upper-floor toilet was not connected to the sewer like it was supposed to be, but just emptied out in the crawlspace between the basement floor and the ground.

The builder apologized both verbally and with his chequebook.

**u/Col_Crunch** (218 points)

"You know what, you are right sir. I think I might know of a shop that can help you, let me just go give them a call and check." 

*calls Local FBI field office*

"Yeah, looks like they can help you! Here is their address"

*sends customer to the loving arms of the law*

**u/lawtechie** (213 points)

I made an electric glowing pickle device from a troll doll and some scrap wood. It was both in bad taste and sacrilegious. My room-mate thought it would impress the ladies.   
  
One night, he brought a woman home from the bar.   
  
Room-Mate:"So, would you like to see my electric glowing pickle?"  
  
Woman (giggling):"Sure"  
  
A few minutes of fumbling results in a dill pickle, speared on the electrodes.   
  
Pickle:"FRAAZZZZZZAAAAAPPPPP"  
  
silence.  
  
Woman:"I want to go home"

**u/Hsoltow** (210 points)

If it's his non adult daughter's phone then he does have the right to see its contents, in some jurisdictions.

**u/gamageeknerd** (185 points)

He broke after asking him about it that it's his wife's phone and he needed us to unlock it so he can get the call history

**u/raykevinr** (184 points)

"Can you do 3-5 years if I throw in some good behavior?"

**u/darkingz** (182 points)

Even if it wasn't a crime or ethically wrong (it is, but hypothetically), that's not something 1) you can call a repair shop for 2) depending on the device or service, not something that is always possible 3) just... not very nice to do to someone
