# "Don't bother sending a tech, I'll be dead by then"

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/guitarsdontdance  
**Score:** 13,736  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/28qemm/dont_bother_sending_a_tech_ill_be_dead_by_then/  

---

So my story starts on what was a normal day taking calls on the front line for a large cable company.  The job pays well and for the most part the people I deal with are fairly nice to talk to.

Quite often we'll get calls from seniors (especially in the morning) who have premise equipment issues such as "snow on screen" or "no signal" on their TV sets connected to our digital equipment. 

Now my heart does go out to some of these folk because up until recently (past few years) we would supply straight analog cable to many homes (coax direct from wall to TV with scrolling guide).  However most cities we service nowadays require our digital equipment to receive channels, and this has caused a lot of frustration with older people who don't know how to operate said equipment (ie. always having your TV set on "video" or "hdmi" to get picture).  So often times we get customers who are repeat offenders with long ticket histories of these types of issues.

So anyway, I get a call from an older gentleman who's quite bitter and mean right off the bat (doesn't like that I asked for his address / telephone number to verify the account, hates that he has to speak with a machine before reaching an agent, etc.).  I have some experience handling these types of customers, however this call was going to be a little different.

I spent over 45 minutes with this guy (we'll call him Mr. Smith) trying to get his TV set connected to the digital box properly so he could receive a picture.  No luck.  He was getting clearly frustrated by the whole ordeal and started blaming me for not being able to do my job properly, how I was useless, etc. 

Whatever.

Like I said, I've dealt with this before so I tried my best not to take it personally, but eventually I had to ask him if we could book a service tech to the home (a courtesy call) to get his TV working correctly.  Unfortunately, our booking calendar was showing an appointment 3 days out.   That's when he dropped this on me:

"Don't bother sending a goddamn technician, because I'll be dead by then.  I'm 94 and TV is the only thing I have left, are you really going to make me wait for a tech?"

I instantly felt bad.  I mean, I've heard every complaint in the book as to why people don't want to wait for a tech but this one kind of got to me.  I'm in my mid-20's so honestly I can't even imagine how it must feel to utter those words.

So I spoke with my supervisor, who said they'd see if we could get someone out earlier...but we couldn't promise anything.  So I let Mr. Smith know and he was predictably not very happy with my answer.  

At that point it almost sounded like he started to cry and went into how he has no family left, and no friends that come visit (this was after I asked if there was anyone in his building that might be able to help).  Man.  I felt terrible, so I took it upon myself to ask Mr. Smith if I could pay a visit (he lived in a small city over from where I was, not very far to drive).  

He was a little shocked I was willing to do this, but sounded thankful I was willing to come out and help him personally.

So I head over, get to the residence and meet him - within 30 seconds I had the cable running again (simple input change) and even brought him a simplified remote for his set top box to avoid this problem in the future.

That's when he started crying.  He goes into how he hasn't actually spoken or really interacted with anyone for years.  He gave me a hug and told me how thankful he was that I came out and helped him, and told me how sorry he was for being so mean earlier on.  I said it was no problem and I was happy to help, and that was it - I left.

3 weeks later, my supervisor comes to my desk and asks me if I could come speak with her for a bit about an account for "Mr. Smith".  Turns out, he sent the cable company a letter outlining how thankful he was for helping him with his issue and how it really "made an old man happy again for once in a very long time".  The letter was framed and put on our front entrance to retail.

I guess the moral of this story is no matter how nasty someone is to you over the phone, sometimes they're not always a terrible person and just going through a lot.  I still think about Mr. Smith occasionally when I get those nasty customers and it makes me feel a little better.

Anyway thanks for reading just thought I'd share how this one call changed my outlook on life :)

Edit : whoever gave me gold thank you so much for your kindness, it means a lot to me. 

Edit (again) : I normally despise these edits, but I feel I have to thank everyone in the thread for your comments and other stories and thank whoever gifted me gold.  I'm happy I could share my story and thank you all again :)

---

## Top Comments

**u/AccidentallyTheCable** (5,154 points)

Well this certainly wasnt the standard tfts post I was expecting

**u/ziekktx** (4,912 points)

I, um, didn't come here to feel.

**u/[deleted]** (4,433 points)

Oh, god, when you said your supervisor called you in, I was certain the man died. Glad I was wrong.

**u/Snipermonkey19D** (2,848 points)

"Feelings, uh, find a way"

**u/valarmorghulis** (1,696 points)

Reminded me of this from *Grand Budapest Hotel*:

&gt; Rudeness is merely the expression of fear. People fear they won’t get what they want. The most dreadful and unattractive person only needs to be loved, and they will open up like a flower.

     -M. Gustave

**u/ordona** (1,154 points)

I was expecting that since the title.

**u/NightMgr** (975 points)

Yeah.

Some years back when automatic public access wifi was non-existent, I worked at a hospital and we had to manually configure the computer for our network along with confirming you had an A/V app installed and updated.  We only allowed inpatients staying long term to have access.  They were planning a better system, but it hadn't been implemented and computer network access for patients was new.  There were some concerns as they were being placed on our production network.  

But, those tickets were priority 3.  Employee work had priority.

But, I show up in the Bone Marrow Transplant area a day after a ticket is logged.  The patient is no longer there.  Due to HIPAA I cannot be told more.

If you don't know, BMT is typically for cancer.  If the patient isn't there any longer without warning, there is likely only one reason, and it's not a happy one.

This really bummed me out.  I mean, I had tears.  I thought about some poor guy wanting to reach out via internet to send a few last emails, see a vacation spot he once visited, whatever he wanted and our policy and my workload prevented that.

I went to the boss and told him these cases need to be priority 2 and go to the top of the queue for P2 cases.  P1's were only where medical care was being prevented by the outage- patient in the room who can't get care.  I about broke down giving my justifications and said if he said no, I'd go each step up the IT management ladder all the way to the CEO to make my case.  My point was this is the 21st century and how would you feel about a hospital where hooking up a phone in your room was a special project?

He approved the change and we started giving patients higher priority.  

About a year after, we had a rich guy who had a nephew stay in the BMT, and he then donated enough computers to put a laptop in each room.  We locked them down for malware/virus and would reimage after each patient left and it all worked out.

Kudos to the Ft. Worth Cats minor league baseball team management for that donation.

**u/RedChld** (899 points)

You think op is George RR Martin?

**u/[deleted]** (703 points)

If OP was George RR Martin he would take another 3 years to write the story.

**u/veive** (576 points)

Eh, I figured OP was going to get shitcanned for violating company procedure.

**u/HarrisonArturus** (565 points)

Sure, that's how it starts.  Before you know it we're all screaming in terror as we run for our lives.

**u/DefinitelyRelephant** (421 points)

Well done OP.  Looks like the single point of failure was the human interface on the other end of the phone line.  By bypassing the failed human interface and accessing the equipment directly you resolved the problem.

Seriously though, way to go the extra mile.  I hope you wind up getting more than just a pat on the back for it in the long run (like a raise at your next performance review).

**u/Osiris32** (362 points)

At least it's a nice feel.  I think it's called "hap-pee?"  Is that how it's pronounced?  It's quite pleasant.  I think I'd like another.

**u/nightspirit322** (335 points)

I work for Dell, and I'm almost certain I'd get fired for doing this

**u/Rogerwilco1974** (311 points)

Will be buried, but wtf:

EVERY person you meet is fighting their own private battle that you know NOTHING about.  Let's all try and be nice to one another.

**u/whatusernameisntalre** (296 points)

This really hit me, thanks for posting it.

I've found that when people are angry/yelling, they're afraid of something. If I earnestly tell them "I will help you, that's what I'm here for, we'll get everything working," their bad mood is gone nine times out of ten.

**u/ziekktx** (266 points)

"All vertebrate embryos are inherently female anyway.  It takes an extra hormone at the right developmental stage to create a male, and we simply deny them that." - Dr. Wu 

And that's how feelings are made. 

Edit: quote for the dumbass who has no memory of Jurassic Park, to jog his memory.

**u/oldaccount** (258 points)

Not at all. I was expecting it to end with OP getting fired for making an unapproved house-call because the company has 0 tolerance when it comes to policy compliance.

**u/ademnus** (256 points)

&gt;doesn't like that I asked for his address / telephone number to verify the account, hates that he has to speak with a machine before reaching an agent, etc.

I do want to address that. It really matters what your phone tree says and how long it takes. I recently tried to make a call and was put through a very long phone tree to "better identify my problem." But first I was told that *to save time with the agent* I needed to give them my social, my pin, my phone number and verify my address. I did all of the above and went through many choices until I had helped the system identify exactly what the problem was.

Then an agent answers. He asks me for all of the same information all over again and then asks me "what seems to be the problem?" Thank God we saved all that time.

LOL

**u/vote4boat** (243 points)

did you just go Jurassic Park 2 on us?

**u/Biffingston** (239 points)

With all due respect to the geek squad, which is to say none, I"m betting it wasn't a liability issue it was a "We would've squeezed a few more bucks out of him" Issue.

yes, I have had bad experiences with them, why do you ask?

**u/austinmiles** (224 points)

I once sold an old man a digital camera or something at CompUSA. I offered him the extended service plan and he said, "I'm 92 years old, I don't even buy green bananas." I laughed and didn't push it. I hated selling those things.

**u/LordTardus** (216 points)

Yeah, when he came to the "three weeks later my supervisor" part, I started smelling the "company policies"-talk.

**u/666pool** (212 points)

My roommate got fired from Best Buy for doing a voluntary install at a customer's house on his own time after they had problems with the original Best Buy install.

**u/Dirty_Socks** (211 points)

To be fair, the story would be around 1,000 pages long. I think people would be complaining about a tl;dr long before they wanted another.
