# Engineer is doing drugs!! No. No they aren't.

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/goldie-gold  
**Score:** 13,274  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/5r7oc1/engineer_is_doing_drugs_no_no_they_arent/  

---

This just happened...

So, I had a laptop system board fail. Under warranty. No problem.

Engineer comes on site. Does the  job. All good.

10 minutes later, I'm called down to where he was working by a member of management saying that he must have been doing drugs in there because there's a syringe in the bin. There's about 10 members of staff all freaking out.

It's thermal compound.

Edit: damn this got big! My biggest post ever!

---

## Top Comments

**u/TwelveParens** (4,480 points)

My dad once found an empty thermal compound syringe in my room. 

We had a **really** long talk.

**u/ReactsWithWords** (4,280 points)

I don't blame him.  That crap can lead to harder stuff, like solder.

**u/itswhywegame** (2,255 points)

It's the gateway component

**u/andarv** (1,917 points)

Aren't those like.. labeled? 

"Thermal Paste"?  Huh, must be slang for heroin

**u/ponkanpinoy** (1,316 points)

Arctic Silver's still popular right? Could totally be drug slang.

**u/mac_question** (1,071 points)

Another tech office misunderstanding: once had our doc control person come up to me, the engineer in the office, and ask me "Do you know how to build a bomb?"

Sheepishly, I responded with "Well, I guess so, technically..."

Took us a minute to realize she was leaning about our Bill Of Materials system, and had not chosen her words very carefully.

**u/Nevermind04** (956 points)

Psst. Hey kid, do you want to *cool down*?

**u/anotherdumbcaucasian** (810 points)

Don't even get me started on transistors...

**u/snipeytje** (810 points)

see, the problem here is that you're applying logic to this situtation

**u/utopianfiat** (616 points)

A guy I knew in high school started like that and now he is writing h264 encoders on FPGAs.

Electrical Engineering: Not Even Once.

**u/BenjaminGeiger** (491 points)

Give them a shoddy bomb casing filled with used pinball machine parts?

**u/Kanotari** (430 points)

I now teach music. One of my students got hauled into the vice principal's office for talking about 'reed'. He showed the VP his bassoon reeds and she wanted to know how to smoke them. People are clueless from time to time. She also got made at me for stocking cigarette paper, which is used to clean instruments.

**u/Double_A7** (421 points)

Those damn mosfets and bjts...

**u/JasonDJ** (420 points)

It's times like these I'm glad I had parents who could openly discuss these topics.  It started with thermal compound, then soldering electronics.  Eventually he taught me about the hard stuff...soldering SMD components, then copper pipes, and even taught me everything he knows abut welding.

People, talk to your kids about the dangers *and advantages* of bonding metals with heat.  Treat it maturely and teach them to handle it with respect...before someone else does.

Edit to add: Just want to mention, the first talk came up because he caught me using tape with a wirenut.  I didn't know that was such an amateur thing to do.  He taught me about when to tape+splice, and when to use a nut...but never use both together.  The one thing just sort of *lead* to another.

**u/katarh** (413 points)

They're not even a sharps syringe, though?  None of the ones I've ever used had a needle application.  It was always a narrow plastic point.  Precise enough for what I'm doing, but not capable of piercing human skin.

**u/Unterdosis** (317 points)

From time to time, parents just need a long talk to see where they went wrong. I hope you didn't go too hard on him, though. ;)

**u/clyde_89** (293 points)

"we use toothpaste under the CPU to fight  pin decay or else the whole product will have to go to the CPU dentist"

**u/crabcrabcam** (290 points)

That reminds me, I haven't had my fix of $ColdPlace today! No wonder I was running a little hot!

**u/golbezza** (289 points)

We go through a lot of thermal compound, so my techs carry around the larger tubes.  While people questioning syringes is one thing, when they open ask why we put toothpaste into their computer, is a whole other conversation.

**u/RAnders00** (287 points)

Somewhat relevant: https://xkcd.com/456/

**u/Gierlappen** (251 points)

No no, you have to apply it to the CPU

**u/Twine52** (244 points)

/u/Crescent-Argonian had a similar story:

https://www.reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/4adp2v/the_one_time_we_got_raided_by_the_police_for/

**u/locool676** (228 points)

I went to a gun shop after work to get some snap caps. 

As I pulled out my wallet a syringe of shin-etsu fell out of my pocket. People in line immediately called me out on it and I had to profusely explain how I'm a hardware tech and that sure as hell isn't heroin.

**u/Mugenski** (225 points)

Buddy had the same thing happen to him. Had some warehouse secretary lose it on him. Went and notified managers and his manager. Needless to say next time he was in there she was gone hah

**u/heisenberg747** (219 points)

I can teach you how to make a bomb out of a roll of toilet paper and a stick of dynamite.
