# I'm pretty sure I knocked a user out from nearly 300 miles away

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/Raitaro  
**Score:** 12,930  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/5pazbo/im_pretty_sure_i_knocked_a_user_out_from_nearly/  

---

I work Helpdesk for a retail store chain in the UK. I had a call from a store about a till drawer that wasn't opening after a transaction.

&gt;me: Could you check that the till is plugged in to the back of the pc?

&gt;user: Sure, one second.. (I hear him rummaging under the desk)

&gt;user: yeah, It's plugged in

*The POS software occasionally forgets which COM port to operate for the till drawer*

&gt;me: I'm just going to try to open the drawer manually. Can you stand back from the drawer so it doesn't hit you.

&gt;user: haha, sure!

*I open up CMD and try to open the drawer*

    echo a&gt; COM1

*... nothing*

    echo a&gt; COM2

**UGHHHHH.. Thud**

&gt;me: Hello? I heard something, did the drawer open?

&gt;user: ...

&gt;me: Hello?

*After around 20 seconds a woman picks up the phone laughing*
&gt;user2: *User* had to go to the bathroom to clean his nose, the till drawer hit him in face and bust his nose. We'll call you back later!

Whenever I want to reach through the screen and smack a user, I'll always think back to this story and remember that it's possible.

---

## Top Comments

**u/BibleDelver** (3,599 points)

Well.. you did warn them.

**u/Raitaro** (2,007 points)

I've always warned them since a colleague opened the drawer while the user was still under the desk and they lifted their head and knocked the float all over the floor.

**u/tucute** (1,103 points)

Ah yes, good ol' "smack over TCP/IP"

**u/ByGollie** (679 points)

It's a feature we've all dreamed about one time or another

https://i.imgur.com/NUY61d7.jpg

**u/crabcrabcam** (550 points)

&gt; Could you just look carefully through the till draw. Can you see a light?

**Open draw** _Thwack_ 

&gt; How about now?!

**u/yo-yo-baggins** (431 points)

I have seen this list of things that if someone would invent one of them they could be a billionaire overnight.

I am pretty sure that punching someone through the internet is on that list.

This is a pretty neat proof of concept. 

Good luck and God speed future billionaire!

**u/chinkostu** (396 points)

I've dropped a till all over the floor before opening. Feelsbadman.png

**u/Morton_Fizzback** (308 points)

reminds me of when I was a bartender (at a students bar).   
Got too drunk and fell asleep, so when closing down my fellow bartender thought it would be funny to put the float on my stomach and turn up the sound system with Eiffel 65's Blue on repeat.   
Fun times waking up in the dark with a hangover and having to collect and sort all the coins I just spilled over the floor, luckily after having managed to change the music. And he also left a note telling me that his closing inventory count was way off, so I had to redo it.   
Guess I had it coming though.

**u/awegge** (291 points)

You know what's even more evil than having the ability to remotely start a piece of industiral machinery? 

The ability to start the pre-start warning klaxon, even when the safety interlocks are in place. People tend to question whether their lockout is in the correct place or not, in that situation.

**u/fuzzydice_82** (209 points)

&gt; operators/mechanics/etc

ah yes, the directory tree of an industrial plant..

**u/AlienManGuy** (178 points)

Now walk towards the light.

**u/Wertilq** (173 points)

Even if there were warning lights, large warning label and a warning siren, you know some users would just stand there like sheep from Dumbfound Island.

Hopefully pain is better teacher.

**u/psychoticdream** (154 points)

Haha love it

**u/Raitaro** (152 points)

[Thanks!](http://i.imgur.com/mWcYIaN.png)

**u/HeWhoCouldBeNamed** (151 points)

I like how you didn't turn off the music, but just switched songs. I guess a good beat can help set the tempo for sorting change.

**u/saltr** (142 points)

Quick way to make the operators/mechanics/etc. hate you forever lol.

**u/POGtastic** (125 points)

Fun fact - `!!` repeats the previous command, so `sudo !!` will repeat the previous command but with `sudo` before it.

I just like to interpret it as you yelling at the computer.

**u/Itsthejoker** (106 points)

Sounds like you're working with the same software! https://www.reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/2mthej/over_standard_tcpip/

**u/FountainsOfFluids** (104 points)

Money for Nothing.

**u/Morton_Fizzback** (98 points)

I can't remember what I changed it to, maybe some Dire Straits.    
I was just happy he didn't activate the alarm when he left.

**u/armcie** (95 points)

On reading that I realise that POS is "point of sale" not "piece of shit."

Or possibly both.

**u/HeWhoCouldBeNamed** (84 points)

I can picture you limping around with one hand on your aching head, counting change to the tune of Sultans of Swing. Could be worse.

**u/Shtruntz** (81 points)

Umm, you're supposed to make the money *first*, **then** light it on fire if you want.

I hope that wasn't your last benjamin...

**u/Doctor_Wookie** (80 points)

Unequivocally both.

**u/thatguywillt** (76 points)

/me slaps user with a large cash drawer
