# "I need you to fix Google Bing immediately!"

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/TheDroolinFool  
**Score:** 12,444  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/5htbtu/i_need_you_to_fix_google_bing_immediately/  

---

Another tale from the out of hours IT desk...

**Me:** Service Desk

**Caller:** GOOGLE BING ISNT WORKING IS THE SYSTEM DOWN ??? ITS VERY IMPORTANT I USE THE BING

*Note: yes, caller actually said "the bing"*

**Me:** I'm sorry - can you confirm which system you're referring to as I'm unfamiliar with that

**Caller:** Google Bing! Really how can you not know this

**Me:** Google Bing is not a system we support out of hours nor in hours. This sounds like a mash up between two different search engines. What exactly is happening?

**Caller:** I need Google Bing to do my job! This is unacceptable. I can't find Google Bing anywhere on my PC. How dare you remove this! I need you to fix Google Bing immediately!

**Me:** May I remote in to take a look

&lt;spend 5 mins setting up remote connection&gt;

Turns out that caller had a shortcut on her desktop called "Google Bing" - this opened the Bing Search homepage in Google Chrome *shivers*. She'd accidentally changed the name of the shortcut from "Google Bing" to something else and hence could not find it.

**Me:** okay - that has been renamed now so you're good to go

**Caller:** next time don't mess around with my computer! I know you guys changed this, I'm not stupid! I have a certificate of proficiency in computering

**Me:** okay thanks for calling *click*

*Note: yes caller really said "computering"*

I died a little inside after taking this call.

---

## Top Comments

**u/ServerIsATeapot** (3,398 points)

&gt; I have a certificate of proficiency in computering!

Yes, it came from cheap-online-certificates.com for a discounted price, no study required!

**u/Gequinn** (1,867 points)

Give me about ten minutes...

Edit: [It has begun!](http://i.imgur.com/mVnwdE9.png)

Edit 2: Well, that happened much more quickly than I expected. DNS propagation will take a few hours probably, but uh... Yeah.

Edit 3: To discuss ideas for certs, please take the discussion over to the newly minted CheapOnlineCerificates subreddit at /r/CheapOnlineCerts. (Also, if you have experience as a Mod and would like to volunteer, send me a PM and a $250 nonrefundable application fee.)

**u/zadokmahir** (1,202 points)

[I made you this](https://i.imgur.com/IvrlSLj.png)

**Edit** Now with new and improved signed action

**u/Starsy** (1,169 points)

Computering the Bing is my new euphemism for performing tech support.

**u/endreman0** (940 points)

I'm glad that's not a real website.

**u/icefall5** (802 points)

I'm sad that's not a real website.

**u/discomeats** (560 points)

This is one of those threads where we can't say "they are not a computer person".

In this case they are not merely a computer person but a fully certified and proficient computering person. They have achieved the next level, I wonder what comes after that.

**u/DoctarSwag** (436 points)

I'm not sure if the worst part of this is that the user couldn't find their shortcut because they renamed it or because they called it "Google Bing"...

**u/DoctarSwag** (416 points)

&gt;Computering the Google Bing is my new euphemism for performing tech support.

FTFY

**u/KingKobra87** (394 points)

I think the worst part was that someone actually gave her a certificate of proficiency in computering

**u/bassbastard** (350 points)

I am printering this and havening it framed

**u/doorbellguy** (349 points)

\&gt; be 2016

\&gt; not having certificate of proficiency in computering


**mfw**

**u/rtar3** (346 points)

12 minutes and no whois yet...

**u/NGTTM** (313 points)

urge to kill... rising

**u/Gequinn** (306 points)

Unfortunately, creation probably won't clear until tomorrow. But the wheels are turning!

**u/Gequinn** (303 points)

You sure can! PM me a valid email address and your social security number or other intimate personally identifiable information and I'll have my assistant contact you within two business days.

(Seriously though, I suppose I could actually create some super simple one-click tests and design some spiffy looking certificates. You'll of course have the option to print them yourself at home, or for a small fee you can have the certificate mailed to you on premium vellum or something.)

**u/MarsupialBob** (286 points)

Can I put in an advance order for a Certificate of General Competency in Things and Stuff?

**u/bassbastard** (274 points)

Thanks!
[
It is in the studio for now](http://i.imgur.com/NNaLk37.jpg)

**u/zadokmahir** (266 points)

[One just for you!](https://i.imgur.com/Pfp5TWN.png) 

**Edit** Now with new and improved signed action

**u/Skulder** (265 points)

I can already imagine the wood chopping course.

"Select the proper tool for woodcutting" (choice of fish, axe, pocketknife). "Point to the safe end" (either end of axe pictured), "Select appropriate thing to chop" (pictured: Leg, wood, house, playing children)

2 correct answers out of three must be good enough.

**u/Findanniin** (222 points)

I love my father. He's an amazing man with a wonderful sense of humour who taught me confidence, the value of remaining calm and patience as a virtue.

My father, realising IT would be the future, took a course in 'computering' ... you know, the 'how to turn on, save word files, browse the internet' .. that kind of thing, because he didn't want to be left behind when the inevitable digital revolution came.


Sadly, I have no idea what went wrong there, but this course convinced him he knew *everything*. 
While normally a lovely person, the number of times he'd call me up out of the blue to ask for advice on a computer issue he has, then to ignore it and tell me I don't know what I'm talking about .. only for me to have to come over (it's a long drive) and fix it (seeing it was *exactly* what I said it was)... and then the cycle had begun.

Anything that he broke a week later was my fault from my repairs the week before. And he was infallible, because *he* had taken a course in computering.

"Have you taken a course in Computering, Findanniin?" he'd ask.

"No dad, I haven't - but really - you *must* have accepted or not unchecked a little box or installed *something* to have half your screen taken up by browser add-ons."

"No son, *you* did it. This is new. I took a course in browsing the internet, I know what to look out for."


It was ... infuriating.

**u/Sceptically** (189 points)

That sounds like it's time to say "Ok, I'll leave you to it, then. I haven't taken a course in computering, so I don't feel qualified to work on your computer."

**u/XkF21WNJ** (181 points)

&gt;Caller: next time don't mess around with my computer! I know you guys changed this, I'm not stupid! I have a certificate of proficiency in computering

&gt;Me: okay thanks for calling click

Well done for not snapping. Not sure if I would have managed.

**u/PolymarchosII** (172 points)

My guess is she said that so OP would know she was on to him and his evil crafty ways of icon renaming.

**u/greatdaychap** (162 points)

So how cheap we talkin' here? Maybe I can beef up the ol résumé with some computering myself.
