# "My data hasn't been working for 20 minutes and I want compensation."

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/Macaveli54  
**Score:** 12,281  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/6oezdw/my_data_hasnt_been_working_for_20_minutes_and_i/  

---

So I had a customer call me up in mobile tech support with the problem that his data wasn't working for 20 minutes, pretty quickly I find out why; he had accidentally turned off his data on the phone menu (which happens a lot but usually the customer goes "oops silly me"). So this customer starts demanding that he want's compensation for his time without service and being very rude about it. After a couple of minutes he's not taking this is not something we did, but his mistake as a answer, so I get an idea, I tell him I'm going to go speak to my manager. I went up to my manager, explain what's happening, he says the customer's being ridiculous and I said, 

&gt;"Listen I have this idea for him, are you okay with this?" then explain my idea.

&gt;"Are you kidding? Let me get on call listening before you go back, I wanna hear this."

I go back to the phone, he gave me the thumbs up that he was ready to listen and I proceed.

&gt;"Right sir, I just had a word with my manager and I've managed to swing something for you, so let's break this down, you pay us 39.99 a month for 3 services; calls, texts and data, so let's divide your bill by 3 that give us 13.33, so let's divide further by 30 days to gives 44 pence for your daily data, now you had your data turned off for 20 minutes but for the purpose of this I'll round it up to an hour so we just need to divide that 44 pence by 24 hours so that means your looking at compensation of 1.8 pence so let's just say 2."

I looked over at my manager during and he was covering his mouth laughing. Customer goes;

&gt;"Are you having a f@#king laugh?"

&gt;"No sir the math is there."

&gt;"............Go on then I'll take it"


*Edit* Yaaaay My first Gold, thank you kind person

---

## Top Comments

**u/PacoTaco321** (4,052 points)

Hey, you asked for my two cents, and now I'm giving it to you

**u/aza9999** (3,073 points)

I love that he took the 2 pence. 99% of people would have hung up on you, or demanded more or shouted abuse, this guy is just "ok then"

**u/Macaveli54** (2,078 points)

Oh god damn it I wish I thought to say that

**u/Macaveli54** (1,652 points)

It was a satisfying moment

**u/Macaveli54** (1,159 points)

It's actually annoying me a lot more than it should

**u/aza9999** (1,016 points)

Years from now, lying on your death bed, surrounded by your loved ones.... You're going to look back on this missed opportunity as the greatest regret of your life.

**u/anschelsc** (1,010 points)

&gt;&gt; pence

&gt; South Dakota

Yeah, that'd be a long walk.

**u/kedearian** (962 points)

Now if only he had to go somewhere else to pick up that. "Oh sorry sir, our refunds for data loss are only handed out in person in Piedmont, South Dakota."

**u/Hewlett-PackHard** (913 points)

Should have used the exact 20 minutes, gotten 0.6 pence and then told him that it's policy to round down.

**u/Barteringram** (464 points)

Same place as the US.

Canada.

**u/Teknowlogist** (322 points)

So...where is the South Dakota of the UK? Australia?

**u/MasterSplicer** (274 points)

Your manager sounds like a pretty fun guy. (And you too, of course) :D

**u/Klldarkness** (251 points)

Hey mate, on your death bed, feel free to use that as your punchline. Then promptly die, so it's your final words. It's fitting, and deserved. :)

**u/Birdbraned** (242 points)

It sounds like he spent more on the phone call to you than he got back...

**u/inetensu** (241 points)

"policy to round down"

**u/Skipachu** (199 points)

The customer fought for his principles and 'won'. That's dangerous in the retail world. He will now expect future 'outages' to be fully compensated and will have a precedent to stand on. OP and boss had a good giggle now, but it's a potential headache later.

**u/StellarProf** (180 points)

Or offer to send 60% of a pence coin.

**u/mvpetri** (177 points)

I have a friend who says this really happened, although I don’t know if I should believe him:

He was at this preparatory class for one admission test to enter college (we don’t have SATs in my country)

Then this student were really annoying, talking out loud and interrupting the teacher. When the teacher asked if he could shut up, the kid was all mad saying stuff like “why should I listen to you? My parents pay your salary, so I don’t have to do what you say”

The professor didn’t say anything. But on the next class he started like this:

&gt; I run a few numbers at home. I took my salary and divided by how many lectures I give, then divided again by the number of people I teach and discovered how much each of you pay me daily. So please, kid that said that to me last time, take this back to your parents and get out of my class today. 

My friend said he finished saying that while putting a few coins on his table. My friend and the rest of the class were in awe.

**u/Keiowolf** (172 points)

Should have rounded up to half an hour :P

**u/Legionof1** (161 points)

Ehh it was a small victory for the guy, he was on the losing end of the stick and got SOMETHING.

**u/Macaveli54** (160 points)

Hey you do what you can to get through the work day :) 

edit* want to what

**u/rhymes_with_chicken** (144 points)

&gt;Are you having a f@#cking laugh?

&gt;Everyone in the office but me, sir. And, I'm having a bit of a time restraining myself. Now would you like a credit, or a check mailed to your residence?

**u/adudeguyman** (139 points)

It cost the company more to deal with it

**u/IphtashuFitz** (136 points)

&gt;That makes ~~sense~~ pence

/me ducks

**u/Hewlett-PackHard** (131 points)

Oh good heavens no, that would be defacing the currency of her royal majesty!
