# Literally, my one-year-old can figure this stuff out

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/WeaponizedOrigami  
**Score:** 12,085  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/7qvyif/literally_my_oneyearold_can_figure_this_stuff_out/  

---

If this is the wrong sub, please let me know. 

I spent three shitty years working in a call center, two of which I was roped into acting as tech support, despite the fact that I'd originally been hired to sell insurance. The calls I got made me weep for humanity. After my son was born, I decided not to return from maternity leave. I just couldn't handle staying up all night with a screaming newborn, and then coming in to work and calmly asking people how the hell they can't see the huge red "CREATE AN ACCOUNT" button smack-dab in the middle of the page, but they can find our phone number in tiny font up in the corner to call and demand that we do it for them. 

Well, you guys, my baby is now a toddler, and I just had that misty-eyed, hand-on-heart, proud parent moment that you always hear about. My son was playing with his Brilliant Baby Laptop, which is basically a bright plastic clamshell that plays music when the baby mashes the keyboard. Suddenly, the music stopped. The baby was confused. Further button-mashing had no effect. I watched from the sofa as my son frowned, experimentally smashing the buttons harder. Then, as I looked on in amazement and pride, *he turned it off and on again.* "Welcome!" It announced, the screen lighting up in a joyful display. My son contentedly returned to his button-mashing, and I shed a proud tear. So what if your kid can say "mommy" and "daddy" and knows how to use a spoon? Mine can *troubleshoot!*

---

## Top Comments

**u/seesaw242** (3,898 points)

Do you have the address for his linkedin profile?  We're hiring...

**u/WeaponizedOrigami** (2,727 points)

Oh, he'd be an excellent candidate! He's proficient in percussive maintenance, can talk for hours without ever making a commitment or really saying much of anything, and he'll eat green beans!

**u/AnandaUK** (2,101 points)

Friend of mine does tech support and had a kid a few years back. Takes son to doctor when he's a toddler for a check-up on his development. Dr shows kid some cards with letters and asks Liam if he knows what the letters are. 'P', 'W', 'D' shouts Liam with glee. "That's great Liam, how do you know those letters?" asks the Dr. "P-A-S-S-W-O-R-D" shouts Liam, "that's what I put in my computer". Dr looks at proud father "He'll be just fine".

**u/Meatslinger** (1,240 points)

&gt;If this is the wrong sub, please let me know.

We'll see.

&gt;I spent three shitty years working in a call center, two of which I was roped into acting as tech support

Yup, you're home.

**u/Mysteryman64** (967 points)

Unless of course his password is actually password. Then there is only weeping.

**u/kylco** (724 points)

Wow, the kids really *will* be alright after all.

**u/WeaponizedOrigami** (692 points)

I alternated one spoonful of green beans with two spoonfuls of mango (his favorite thing ever) until he'd eventually eat them on their own. That's also how I got him to eat pureed turkey and sweet potatoes. Just pure bribery until his taste buds acclimated.

**u/safely-read** (636 points)

So we have evidence that the tech support aura is inheritable.

**u/Coranon** (626 points)

You got him to eat green beans! That’s the truly impressive thing I’m seeing. (As a fellow mom, my kid still has trouble with anything green that’s not totally unhealthy)

**u/JustNilt** (540 points)

Well yeah but he was a toddler.  Presumably he'll update it to Monkey123 in a few years then move on to m0nk3y321 not long after that ...

**u/wdn** (432 points)

Or that basic troubleshooting is innate and users have lost the ability since childhood.

**u/FellKnight** (403 points)

Cute kid story and following rule 1 of tech support?  This isn't just sub-worthy, this could go front page.

**u/demize95** (271 points)

Remember this time fondly. If my (almost 4-year-old) sister is any indication, soon he'll start insisting that he doesn't like green beans, mango, turkey, or sweet potatoes, he's never liked them, and he never will like them. Her favorite food (one of the few things she'd eat) used to be stew, to the point that my father made it and immediately froze it in ice cube trays; a couple years later, she insists that she's never had it and doesn't like it.

**u/CharlesDarwin59** (234 points)

When I worked at Directv I was not above asking to speak to the toddler. 


Toddlers have a skill that many adults do not.  They can follow simple directions

**u/Dor_Min** (231 points)

How did you know my password?

**u/gramathy** (214 points)

Good passwords are easy to remember AND complex enough to be computationally difficult to guess.

https://xkcd.com/936/

**u/Geminii27** (191 points)

Ya know, I'd really like for there to be a series of YouTube videos which show a two-year-old solving various common problems that users always seem to have issues with. Just so I can show them to people and say "Literally, a two-year-old can figure this out."

**u/bryan4tw** (189 points)

Yeah, kids can solve any problem they want. You have to teach helplessness through years of public education. Then send them to university to try and teach them to think on their own.

**u/mrcaptncrunch** (180 points)

Umm... https://github.com/danielmiessler/SecLists/pull/155

**u/Farstone** (156 points)

When my kids were little (6, 5, 3) I let them play "Bailey's Book House".  Fun kids game with numbers, colors, and shapes.  It was a DOS game so I wrote a quick BAT file that started the game in a loop.  If they exited the game, it would restart.

One day the kids wanted to play Bailey's, so I started it and walked away.  A little later I heard, "Bloosh, you found it!".  Not remembering any "blooshes" in Bailey's I took a quick peak.  My daughter (3 y/o) managed to break out of the BAT file and started Windows, then Minesweeper.  They were playing, "...click, click, BLOOSH, you found it!".

She's grown up now and works as a Linux Tech at a company that rhymes with Backspace.

**u/ScaredScorpion** (149 points)

aka operant conditioning

**u/JustNilt** (145 points)

That's sadly outdated information, though, because of the rise of password cracking tools.  You'd be shocked how fast things like that can be cracked if you give the cracking application the right dictionary to work with!

Good passwords, nowadays, are those generated randomly by a properly designed password manager that doesn't plug into your browser, seeing as it's the single most vulnerable application on your system.

Edit: Christ, here's [an article](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2013/05/how-crackers-make-minced-meat-out-of-your-passwords) on this is from friggin' 2013, for Pete's sake!  Stop relying on such gimmickry.  You're not nearly as clever as you think you are and neither is anyone else.

Edit2: Sheesh, people.  Read the article, ***PLEASE***.  Yeah it's 4 years old now but if you don't think things have only improved since that time you're sorely mistaken.  Nobody, with virtually no exceptions, is anywhere near as clever at making an unguessable password as we used to think.  We all make similar mistakes, use similar patterns, and there has been literally years of research into this now that shows it.

**u/qx3okc** (139 points)

"Proficient in percussive maintenance"  
"Talk for hours without ever making a commitment"  

So he's qualified for level 3 tech support, middle and upper management, sales and HR.  

"I'm sorry, we can't hire you. You are over qualified."

**u/cr08** (133 points)

Can concur. My mom swears up and down I loved peas as a baby. Now at 30 years old I can never recall ever liking them at any point in my life. Just can't stand the taste.

**u/SciviasKnows** (132 points)

Two of my kids have smartphones now which means ... passwords. I'm finding myself flustered at how to explain that no, if it's easy to remember it's NOT a good password, and no, you SHOULDN'T just re-use your lunch account number from school, and no, it's BAD to use the same password for everything. I'd set them up with LastPass, but they would just delete it to make room for more games.
