# You can do THAT yet you can't even delete your own emails!!?

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/thegur90  
**Score:** 11,390  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/6tmkfp/you_can_do_that_yet_you_cant_even_delete_your_own/  

---

LTLFTP+Hard to format on mobile.

Ok, so I am by no means an IT but the one who everyone in my family call when they need help.  
So I get a call from my grandpa (89 yrs old) about a new win 10 laptop he just got and he needs help setting it up.

Now keep in mind he is the kind of person to blame the machinery if he clicks on the wrong thing so I already knew this would not end in a phone call - so I drove to his place expecting to see it still in the box. That was not the case.

When I arrive, I see him already in his desktop, after he somehow managed to install windows correctly on his own accord - and waiting for me while playing minesweeper. As he greets me, he freaking ALT+F4's to close the game and then tells me he cannot connect to the internet.  
Not sure what happened in the week I wasn't there, I ask if he could show me the problem.

He then OPENS CMD AND PINGS HIS OWN CELLPHONE and then points at the 0 packets text to show me there is no connection.

At this point id probably look less surprised if I see an alien invasion.

So after showing him that you need to enter the password to connect to his home wifi, he then asks me how to see his email account again.  
Still completely stunned, I show him how to access his outlook account and how to delete some messages.

And the craziest part- when I asked him how did he know about CMD his answer was: "I learned it from grandma".

EDIT: I just asked granny about this whole thing and she does not remember. Unfortunately I will never know what supernatural being managed to teach them that.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Batiti2000** (1,863 points)

My grandma has pages upon pages of how to use the computer. Mind you it's not cmds and pings, more like what to click to login to her e-mail, what to click to send e-mails and the like

**u/scarletice** (1,779 points)

Sounds to me like your grandpa is a smart dude. He was able to learn, retain and apply lots of recently learned skills. Sounds to me line he was just lacking a bit of knowledge we usually think is common sense. Id be surprised if you ever have to help him with the same problem more than twice.

**u/awapaho** (1,470 points)

Followup:

Grandpa types: cmd -&gt; ping cellphone

OP: "Grandpa you can't just type cellphone. It won't know what that is."

Grandpa: "I added it to the host file, son. I set the router give my cellphone a static IP. It should resolve."

OP: "Oh... You mind showing me how to do that?"

**u/Jak_o_the_Shadow** (1,167 points)

Maybe he just wanted an excuse so see his grandson =')

**u/thegur90** (808 points)

Yea you are most definetly right, while I never expected anything close to this kind of outcome, when he's passionate about something it can be amazing to watch.

**u/theidleidol** (792 points)

This sub when we're 80.

**u/Boboblah780** (720 points)

Had family that worked with airplanes and checklists were your own personal Jesus. I never leave my desk without some sort of checklist. I got mocked for it at first but I didn't care, they worked well!

**u/Hokulewa** (665 points)

I write aircraft technical documentation now...  I have checklists on how to make checklists.

**u/Yobalicious** (571 points)

Oh hey, your grandpa is a backend developer

**u/holdstheenemy** (535 points)

I have a friend whos dad is in his late 80s, he was told to reboot his computer, switch it on and off. My friend was finally able to go to his house and found that he was switching his printer on and off. 

Anyway, how in the hell does this guy know to ping a mobile? lol that wouldn't have been my first step in troubleshooting no connection

**u/thegur90** (390 points)

I know right?! He told me the network symbol in the taskbar was too small for him and he prefers text that actually tells him there's no connection. Go figure...

**u/Boboblah780** (331 points)

Its checklists all the way down.

**u/VengeanceAurelith** (311 points)

Grandpa: "Actually, back in my day, this is all we had. None of this fancy gooey windows mumbo-jumbo."

**u/thegur90** (284 points)

He had it on a note beside him. Did I mention how confused I was yet?

**u/Schmoarndi** (276 points)

/r/MadeMeSmile

**u/Phyltre** (178 points)

I'd like to see the pendulum swing in the direction of exposing more options to the consumer--but generationally, seeing lots of smartphone/tablet/console-only users leads to me to believe that was a narrow trend.

**u/qwertyomen** (177 points)

That's exactly what I was thinking! My grandpa taught me how to build my first computer. Now I help him with the weird Win 10 things.

**u/lazylion_ca** (172 points)

He knows the IP address of his cell phone?

**u/Icovada** (166 points)

Let me guess, they all begin with "turn on the pc"

Even "how to print from Word"  

1. Turn on PC
1. Wait for spinny thing to turn into an arrow
1. Open Word (blue icon)

etc etc

**u/Urbanscuba** (164 points)

I agree, it seems like there was a tight window of people growing up between roughly 95-05 where kids learned to do stuff the hard way on a PC before everything turned into apps and nice GUIs.

**u/evitagen-armak** (141 points)

1. Be efficient

2. Don't be ineffecient

**u/Mr_Skittlz** (141 points)

My grandfather was a computer programmer when PC's first became popular, he opens all his programs and does nearly everything else on his computer with the CMD window. But ask him to download an MP3 and he's fucked

**u/Hokulewa** (120 points)

This is fairly common, really.  Don't grumble about "unnecessary" tech support calls from your aging family and friends.  And make your visit be about more than tech support.

**u/fishribafish** (115 points)

Well, I mean, the IP is written nicely on android. Settings-&gt;About Phone-&gt;Status. Nevertheless, I wouldn't think about pinging my phone.

**u/Taladar** (111 points)

Well, quite a few people would argue that that view that was common in the 1990s and early 2000s that GUIs are always superior to CLIs is mistaken. Today we have many CLI-like interfaces built into our devices again to prove that point.
