# "THE SERVER IS DOWN YOU NEED TO FIX THIS NOW"

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/TheDroolinFool  
**Score:** 11,379  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/636p68/the_server_is_down_you_need_to_fix_this_now/  

---

Here's another tale from the out of hours hell desk... This gem happened a few days ago.

**Me:** Service Desk

**Caller:** THE SERVER IS DOWN YOU NEED TO FIX THIS NOW

**Me:** Which server are you referring to?

**Caller:** THE SERVER!

**Me:** *okay...* what is it that you are trying to do?

**Caller:** TRYING TO ACCESS THE GOD DAMN SERVER

(yes, she was SHOUTING the entire time)

**Me:** Please can you stop shouting at me and tell me which server you are talking about or what it is that you are trying to do? &lt;business we support&gt; has many different servers for different things, I need to know exactly what isn't working?

**Caller:** HOLY CRAP THE SERVER ISN'T WORKING. THE. SERVER. ISN'T. WORKING. YOU ARE WASTING MY TIME.

(In the background I've already loaded up our server monitoring tools - no alerts)

**Me:** I've checked our monitoring, I'm not seeing any servers as being down. Which department are you calling from?

**Caller:** IRRELEVANT. FIX THE GOD DAMN SERVER NOW.

**Me:** Can I get your Staff ID please?

**Caller:** IRRELEVANT.  *click*

10 minutes later...

**Me:** Service Desk

**Caller:** HOLY CRAP THE GOD DAMN SERVER IS STILL DOWN!!! WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT THIS?

**Me:** Nothing.

**Caller:** EXCUSE ME? *NOTHING?* 

**Me:** You still haven't told me which server is down or what is not actually working?

**Caller:** YOU PEOPLE! IT'S OBVIOUS MY PHONE ISN'T WORKING I CAN'T MAKE CALLS. THE SERVER HAS GONE DOWN YOU NEED TO CALL YOUR PEOPLE AND FIX THIS.

**Me:** Ma'am I can see you are calling me from your Desk Phone, &lt;ext&gt; is that correct?

**Caller:** YES!

**Me:** and this is the phone you can not make calls from, correct? 

**Caller:** YES!

**Me:** ...

**Me:** Do you see why I'm having trouble understanding the problem?

**Caller:** THE SERVER IS DOWN I CAN'T CALL &lt;obviously not a valid number&gt;

**Me:** Ma'am that number is 3 digits short of a valid number, that is why the call is not connecting.

**Caller:** LISTEN THE SERVER IS OBVIOUSLY DOWN. I'LL HAVE MY PEOPLE CALL YOUR PEOPLE ABOUT THIS! *click*

I love my job. I love my job. I love my job.

---

## Top Comments

**u/KJBenson** (2,836 points)

So did you get the server up?!?

**u/TheDroolinFool** (2,255 points)

Never did hear anything back from her (thankfully). She probably *still* thinks the server is down. 

Edit: as [mentioned here](https://www.reddit.com/r/talesfromcallcenters/comments/636opn/the_server_is_down_you_need_to_fix_this_now/dfryz91/) I did copy her extension number and raised a ticket with &lt;business we support&gt; giving full details of the interaction.

**u/WinterCharm** (1,132 points)

1. be polite
2. describe the issue
3. make conversation, ask about the person's day 
4. follow instructions
5. thank them 

I've also learned if IT loves you, they'll go out of their way to help you out.

**u/steelbeamsdankmemes** (952 points)

&gt;*Mouse isn't working*

&gt;HELP THE SERVER IS DOWN THE SERVER IS DOWN

Also reminds me of a story from somewhere on reddit. Guy gets a sysadmin job at a small business, where the last guy didn't properly implement anything. New sysadmin rebuilds network/server from scratch, with redundant failovers and offline backups, with an entire new network from 10/100 to gigabit.

Presents all this to the CEO/high-levels about his progress. CEO clicks around on his computer and moves his window around. "Seems like the same speed to me!"

**u/superduperpirate** (909 points)

I still don't understand how people think that swearing at support and yelling will get their issue fixed.

**u/KJBenson** (673 points)

Haha I just don't understand how people think incomplete numbers could ever work....

**u/WorkAccount83** (637 points)

I've also learned if IT loves you, they'll go out of their way to help you out."

This is very true, Been working IT for almost 2 decades. If you treat us nicely we will make sure you're always good to go. Also, bring us food. We love food.

**u/sotonohito** (636 points)

Ah users. They hear a phrase once and it sort of sticks but they never get it right. It's a little like people who have theasurus syndrome.

Sometime, somewhere, she heard someone say "the server is down" in reference to a computer problem (defined as "a problem involving absolutely anything that plugs into a wall").

Since she doesn't understand anything she therefore decided this magic phrase was the explanation for any problem. There's a computer problem (since her phone plugs into the wall therefore it's a computer problem) and that means "the server is down".

She thinks she's found a magic way to cut through the BS and embarrassment of admitting ignorance and actually answering all of our annoying questions she doesn't know how to answer, and just get IT to fix the dam problem by speaking in their own arcane gobbledygook and now she's mad at you for failing to do your part, respond to the magic words, and fix her problem.

**u/Harryisamazing** (442 points)

"Can you people stop messing with The Bing! I need my Bing to work, the server is down and I can't access my Bing." - Google Bing Lady

**u/techtornado** (362 points)

I read a story once how an IT guy inspired his minions/team to be more accurate when describing issues:
  
If you are the first person to tell me that the server is down and it actually is, you will receive $10. 
  
If you tell me the server is down and it's working properly, you will pay me $10.

**u/TuraacMiir** (309 points)

Or bourbon. Bourbon is always welcome...

**u/megabyte1** (294 points)

My dad's like that; the phrase he's fixated on is, "It blew up."

"It blew up" may mean anything from a 404 to a bluescreen to a file not found to an incorrect password.  It may mean the monitor turned off.  It may mean a mistyped URL, or an accidentally deleted email.

It never is exciting enough to mean anything actually exploded, though.

**u/Azrukal** (274 points)

:| I would have to try very hard not to just flip a table after someone said that to me with how much work that would have taken.

**u/Nacho_Papi** (261 points)

In IT, food and alcohol are always acceptable forms of bribery.

**u/TheDroolinFool** (250 points)

Trust me, this most definitely not Google Bing Lady. That bitch owes still owes me for psychotherapy.

**u/siedler084** (235 points)

&gt; Mouse isn't working

&gt; HELP THE SERVER IS DOWN THE SERVER IS DOWN

As ridiculous as this sounds this is actually a valid complaint if you use a [Razer product](http://deliddedtech.com/2017/03/25/razer-server-outage-locks-users-out-of-their-own-device-functionality/)

**u/wolfgame** (222 points)

Had a client fumble this horribly the other day.  Client called me up asking for a new server, but kept talking about cost and how he was out of space, and sure enough, he only had a couple hundred gigs on his server, which was 9 years old.

So I recommended picking up a NAS with four drives in a RAID10 configuration to give him 20x the capacity, and has some virtualization capacity, if it becomes something that might be of some use.

So I set the whole thing up on Saturday, and as we're wrapping up around 6PM, he wife calls and he leaves in a bit of a hurry, with a "oh there's a beer in the fridge if you want".

Gee... Thanks.

So I clean up wiring, straighten everything up, leave notes, text him, saying that I'm done, and send an invoice.

Around midnight, I start getting text messages every couple of hours demanding updates.

Apparently there's an application that he's way out of spec on, and thinks that replacing his server would make it work like it did 10 years ago.  The problem being that there's no server component to this at all, he wasn't clear about this at all, it was Sunday, and to top it all off, he sends text messages like a teenager.

So I'm heading out the door to do collections in a few, and he's going to be my last stop, assuming I don't need to go to small claims afterwards.

Update: I think he may have found my username.  A half hour after posting this, I received a text message saying that he was preparing a check for me.

Update 2: Client partially paid in neckties.

**u/Ensvey** (153 points)

Sounds like that had the potential to double his income

**u/400HPMustang** (143 points)

I used to think that certain tech issues were limited to older people and then I found out I was wrong. How did I find this out you ask?

I was trying to help someone my age work out an issue. They're college educated and I know they are familiar with technology. In the process I asked them to go to a website and they opened bing and then searched for google and then googled the name of the website and then clicked on the first link they saw that they thought was correct.

**u/Wild_Marker** (138 points)

Which also legitimately counts as "the mouse doesn't work properly" to the mouse owner.

**u/pustulio18** (134 points)

I'm not an IT person but I am a computer guy so I get to be the IT person for my company. The number of times I heard 'something is wrong with the server' with no explanation was way too high for my liking. So I fixed that problem with this easy solution:

I got 2 computer cases and stuffed them with old power supplies and motherboards. I put them in the room with the rest of the crap that runs the office and plugged them in right in the open. I then went and took each person to the 'server room' to show them the 'severs'. I explained that we have more then one server (while pointing at the two "servers") and that there is a third one offsite. "So if something goes wrong and you need me to fix the server, let me know what you were doing so I fix the right one"

Now I get 'Dropbox isn't working, can you fix the dropbox server?' and 'I can't print, can you fix the print server?'

So while I still get 'can you fix the X server', I at least also get what they were trying to do so I can actually fix their problem.

**u/anasztaizia** (129 points)

"Nothing."

Oh dear god I would LOVE to be able to say that! It just seems like it would feel so gooooood!

**u/loonatic112358** (112 points)

[I think these should be standard issue to anyone who does tech support](http://www.amazon.com/The-Mini-Flipping-Table/dp/B00O7CIAFO)

**u/B00YAY** (106 points)

THE SMARTBOARD ISN'T WORKING!!!! 

Me: Everything looks fine to me. Good connection, pen works, nothing out of the ordinary.  

NO, IT DOESN'T WORK. WHEN I TRY TO PLAY YOUTUBE IT DOESN'T SHOW UP. 

Me: Oh. I see. The projector. The projector isn't working? Here, let me take the lamp cover off.

**u/Elevated_Misanthropy** (99 points)

Methinks a half pound of tannerite is called for in this situation.
