# Hey if you don't want your $1000 gaming computer I'll take it

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/ultrasuperman1001  
**Score:** 11,246  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/6jgt1j/hey_if_you_dont_want_your_1000_gaming_computer/  

---

This happened awhile ago. I own my own computer repair business and a customer called me up asking me to build them a computer, they had all the parts and just wanted someone to put it together as they didn't trust them selves. It was a fairly high end computer, they spent probably $2000+ on parts. I put it together with no issues and they were very happy. When they picked it up they asked if I could fix up one of their older computers so their kids could play together. The computer they brought in was maybe 2-3 years old but for the time was top of the line parts and probably cost $2000-$2500, they bought an Nvidia GTX1070 and told me that it needs a hard drive and some extra fans. So I picked up a $100 hard drive, swapped in the 1070, installed the fans and it ran like a dream, I called them and told them it was ready, they were again really pleased and said they would be by later in the day. 3 days later I call them again and ask when they want it and they say they will be on the weekend. 7 days later they say they will be by at the end of the day. 2 weeks later I call and get no answer so I leave a message and send them an email explaining that starting at the beginning of next month there will be a $20/week storage fee since it's been over 30 days since it was completed. I call them in the middle of the week to again confirm when they wanted it and explain the fee, but no answer so I leave a message and text them. The week after I call and no answer so I leave another message, email, and text. On week 3 there was still no answer but they called me back 2 days later explaining there was a family emergency and they were out of town and they would be by within 2 days to pick it up, 3 days go by and they don't show up or call. On week 4 I call one last time and explain that this will be the last message they will get from me and I will hold on to the computer for 90 days at which point I will assume you don't want it and I will take ownership. So we are over day 100 and I now have a very good gaming computer for the low investment of $100.

EDIT: Because a few people are criticizing me of taking advantage of a grieving family, let me clarify; I don't know what the emergency was (for all I know it was some great aunt from Europe), and I have paper work to say it's the companies (mine) after 90 days. Now I pride myself on customer satisfaction so I called them numerous times to try and verbally let them know it was ready and if after a few months they contact me back asking for the computer I will give it back to them.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Assiqtaq** (3,783 points)

I'll buy it from you for $200! :D

**u/sryii** (1,801 points)

My God, a happy ending. Are you new here?

**u/Chaosritter** (1,248 points)

You know, I get the feeling that someday he'll show up, demand his computer back, insist he doesn't have to pay the storage fees and threatens to call the cops in case you don't hand it over immediately...

**u/onijin** (805 points)

Capitalism hooooooo!

**u/CommutatorUmmocrotat** (669 points)

I don't think that was the actual reason they didn't pick up the PC.

EDIT: I meant they they wouldn't have taken the PC regardless of the family emergency.

**u/Elfalpha** (501 points)

I'm sure you are, but make damn sure that your arse is covered. Document everything you have done to attempt to return the computer.

**u/sync-centre** (465 points)

And the cops would say it's a civil matter and tell you to take it up in court.

**u/trenchknife** (462 points)

To be fair, the family emergency was probably fairly unhappy.   Maybe they deserved it though...

**u/Scarbane** (451 points)

A rig with a 1070 for $100 is incredible! Enjoy it, dude.

**u/NeverMidnightGames** (398 points)

I'll buy it for $300 :D

**u/Rasip** (359 points)

or because the family emergency involved the owner of that computer no longer being able to use it.

**u/Snippa** (334 points)

I mean really you never know... something extremely chaotic could have happened in the family... with that many notices and over 100 days. Considering they just spent a bunch of money on the other parts, it is unlikely that it was a money issue for that $100 vs the value of the computer. My best guess would have to be a split in the family unless there was some serious sudden financial bad luck.

In any case, sucks for them to just end up throwing away a ton of money like that. Awesome for OP though.

**u/YJCH0I** (303 points)

OP, take this amazing deal!  

$200! = $7.8865786736... × 10^374  


/r/unexpectedfactorial

**u/Rivent** (287 points)

I used to work in a computer repair shop. We had a policy almost identical to OP's re: taking possession of the repaired PC after 90 days if it isn't picked up. We had people show up as much as 3 *years* after they brought their shit in to be fixed, and would *still* get pissed when we'd tell them it's gone.

**u/sldfghtrike** (281 points)

What? You've never sat at the couch drinking a beer when suddenly it hits you that you left your PC at the repair shop 3 years ago? You're weird.

**u/NeverMidnightGames** (254 points)

How about £501!

**u/Ankoku_Teion** (242 points)

DAMNIT

**u/Whycanyounotsee** (230 points)

kid they bought the computer for could have died. I probably wouldn't have picked it up.

**u/fizzlefist** (226 points)

Which would go nowhere since the customer signed the form explaining these policies. Additionally, I assume OP's business would be able to pull their phone records showing they they called the customer numerous times.

**u/Jabberwocky918** (226 points)

Probably because it was stolen and they didn't want it traced back to them anymore. But I'm always thinking negatively like that so I can always be happily surprised when I'm wrong.

**u/Ankoku_Teion** (216 points)

i have £500

**u/thelosttech** (212 points)

That's possible. I know someone who recently lost one of their children. I think he was 12. So if the kid who was going to get the computer died, I could see the parents just letting it go so they don't have to deal with it.

**u/re_nonsequiturs** (210 points)

All those times they said they'd be in later in the day indicate that the emergency wasn't the cause of those initial delays. Enjoy playing on that delightful machine!

**u/mada447** (202 points)

3 years? The fuck is with those people?
