# A good answer for when you're pulled over.

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/Psychofant  
**Score:** 11,193  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/6dk56p/a_good_answer_for_when_youre_pulled_over/  

---

LTLFTPETC.
 
I hope you will forgive me for a third hand story, but I'm one of those evil developers, not a support per se. But I thought you'd enjoy this story anyway. So this happened to a colleague of a colleague:
 
**$Hero** - our hero. **$Cop** - A representative of our hard worked law enforcement agency.
 
So $Hero is happily speeding along in his car, running a few yellow lights a bit late, etc. Finally, the law catches up to him and pulls him over. Here's how the conversation went:
 
**$Cop**: Can I see your driving license, please?
 
**$Hero** (with smug grin): Certainly. Here it is, officer.
 
**$Cop** takes license back to motorcycle and speaks into radio.
 
**$Hero**: It's not going to help you any, though.
 
**$Cop** (with no reaction): What do you mean?
 
**$Hero** (with wider grin): The server you have to check it against is down.
 
**$Cop** (still no reaction): And why do you say that?
 
**$Hero**: Because I'm the guy they called to get on site and get it up again.
 
Our hero did not get a fine this time. Instead he got a police escort to his workplace.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Kahlalheo** (3,418 points)

I would be completely smug in that situation too.

**u/tyme** (2,202 points)

Nothing. It's just a funny story.

**u/Mystrsyko** (1,891 points)

I caused a friend to have a similar encounter with the local police once. We had just left a bowling alley around 1am, and the brakes on my car failed at low speed, so I pulled off in the middle of town, and called my friend to come back and pick me up. An officer pulled up shortly afterwards wondering what was happening, and I showed him the puddle of brake fluid under the car. He went on his way after I explained that my friend was coming to pick me up.

About 5 minutes later my friend pulls up and explains that after he turned around, he got pulled over for doing 85 in a 55. The first thing the officer did was to ask if he was on his way to get the guy broken down in town (me), and let him go with a "Slow it down please."

**u/decoy321** (1,213 points)

Why would he speed, though? You're not going anywhere.

**u/hackerlord101** (1,081 points)

But the cop was just doing his job, if I understand this right, so what exactly did he do wrong?

**u/dazzawul** (1,056 points)

Maybe he was in a stabby part of town?

**u/PendragonDaGreat** (973 points)

There's also smugness of extra knowledge. The other person may not have done anything wrong, but you still get a little smirk knowing that you've got all the cards.

**u/CyberKnight1** (768 points)

Love To Light Farts Towards People Eating Taco Cabana.

**u/ghostmech007** (678 points)

I dunno... if he's going that fast it's probably a shooty part of town.

**u/Isoprenoid** (530 points)

I was expecting a different ending:

---
$Cop takes license back to motorcycle and speaks into radio.

$Hero: It's not going to help you any, though.

$Cop (with no reaction): What do you mean?

$Hero (teleports behind $Cop, blade at the ready): nothing personal, kid.

**u/Halikan** (470 points)

It could also be really quick stabbies

**u/Psychofant** (421 points)

Long time lurker, first time poster, et cetera.

**u/hackerlord101** (396 points)

I see, I was a bit confused because I usually see smugness as a reaction to someone having acted above you but then being shown their place

**u/RedditorBe** (376 points)

Might have been a case of "stabbies or shooties, I aint stickin around to find out which."

**u/MyDudeNak** (364 points)

It's all fun and games when one of "our dudes" gets caught by the speed trap. Good to know the police aren't obligated to follow the law.

**u/Gravel090** (340 points)

When I worked 911 I watch something similar go down on my computer. We dispatched for several departments that all neighbored each other and one departments area sat on a major highway and they loved to set speed traps. Well 2 officers from the main department ended up being a bit late to work so they get caught by the speed trap. We all had a laugh when we ran the plates saw one of our guys names then suddenly the traffic stop was ended with no citation. The first time it was gold, the second time made our day.

**u/Gaggamaggot** (303 points)

Many years ago in central California I had a janitorial job that included cleaning the offices of the local police department (vacuuming, emptying trash, swabbing toilets, etc). During one particular early in the morning shift my cleaning partner and I decided to take a little break, drive a few blocks away, and partake in some of mother nature's finest in the form of a rather generous marijuana cigarette (aka "joint").

Half-way through this delightful bit of heaven we were mortified to be lit up by Johnny Law. It seems one of the neighborhood watchful had noticed our suspicious vehicle parked there glowing from within as we passed the joint back &amp; forth and called 911 to declare an "emergency" as somebody was clearly having more fun than she was.

After a bit of conversation the officer came to realize that he could 1) bust us for possession and suffer the consequences of being the officer responsible for the police station not being cleaned that night or 2) let us go with a stern warning so we could do our job. He chose #2, but kept our roach.

I now live in Texas, and sometimes really really miss California.

**u/zman0900** (216 points)

While you were eating donuts, I studied the blade.

**u/Faw_Q** (204 points)

The best example of "extra knowledge smugness" that I can think of, just to put a face to it, is the character Littlefinger from Game of Thrones. That motherfucker is the face of "extra knowledge smugness," due to all of his little birds. 

Edit: I've shamed my family. I can't believe I made such a mistake, being that I am a big fan of the show.  I mistakenly credited Varys' little birds to Littlefinger. Thank you to everyone that pointed out my mistake without being dicks about it &lt;3. #TeamJonSnow

**u/angrypotato1** (159 points)

Personnel*

**u/Lehk** (149 points)

&gt;  He chose #2, but kept our roach.

and smoked that shit.

**u/Ghede** (148 points)

This is tales from tech support.

It means

Local-to-local File Transfer Protocol, EP THARANAK CTHULHU

**u/5H4D0W_5P3C7R3** (147 points)

/cmd upboatwholechain.exe

**u/BlueSkies5Eva** (139 points)

"That phone will ring, you will pick up that phone, and you will say sorry, and let me go."
