# How I quit after I got fired and unfired

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/Blempglorf  
**Score:** 10,436  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/621lif/how_i_quit_after_i_got_fired_and_unfired/  

---

[In my last post](https://www.reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/61z2ns/how_i_got_fired_and_unfired_in_the_same_day/), I shared the story of how I got fired in a huff by someone who, to put it diplomatically, over-estimated his own authority - only for my termination to be rescinded by his manager a few hours later when she found out about it.  This one is the followup; set a year later, and is the story of how I finally ended up quitting that job. 

Cast of characters: 

* Me! I was a lead sysadmin at a very large telco, responsible for the email system at the corporate HQ. I was a contractor there, which will become relevant to the story later. 
 
* Jim (J in my last story)- an IT architect at a large telco. Jim was my primary customer contact until he flew off the handle and tried to fire me under circumstances that were dubious at best.  Jim was a pretty smart technical guy who was also a bull in a china shop who shouldn't have been allowed to work around other people. 
 
* Lynne (not in the previous story) - Lynne is the IT architect who I was assigned to work with after Jim screwed the pooch in my previous story. She was awesome, for reasons that will become clear soon. She reported to Jim, and utterly loathed him. 
 
* Marie (M in the previous story)- Jim's boss, the IT department manager. She unfucked everything after Jim fired me.     

In early 2000, I got a phone call at home from an IT recruiter. This wasn't uncommon at all - I had at one point or another interacted with half the sleazy recruitment agencies in my city.   This call was a little bit different.  It was from an in house recruiter for a tech company, a company that was one of the shining stars of tech where I lived, with a reputation for not only having solid technology in their market, but also being a great place to work. They were an honest-to-goodness "unicorn" (back before anyone called them that.)  The conversation went something like this: 

Recruiter: Hi Blempglorf, this is Recruiter with CoolTechCompany, how are you today?  
Me: Doing well, thanks, what can I do for you?
Recruiter: Blempglorf, I'm calling because Lynne gave me a copy of your resume, and suggested that I reach out to you about a position we have open.  

A bog standard HR introductory call followed, where I found out that they were looking for a lead Windows sysadmin for their internal IT department. 

Now this confused the shit out of me, because Lynne was my lead, albeit through a dotted line.  Let that sink in: my boss sent my resume to a recruiter without my knowledge or permission.  Obviously, this was something that warranted further investigation. 

So, I called Lynne. Apparently, she had just interviewed at CoolTechCompany, and didn't get the job.  On the "thanks but no thanks" call from HR, she told the recruiter something to the effect of "Well, that's too bad, but I know someone else you need to talk to.  Blempglorf is better at this stuff than me, and I think he'd love working at CoolTechCompany." And then she sent over my resume, which she had from when she referred me for an internal hire job in another division of the telco we both worked at. When I asked her why she did that she just said: "You have to trust me on this one. I can't say more." 

So I had a phone interview with the hiring manager at CoolTechCompany. And he and I meshed well, and he decided to bring me in for the full gauntlet interview with the rest of the sysadmin team there. 

Around this time, I got a meeting request from Jim, who I hadn't really interacted with a lot since the time he tried (and failed) to shitcan me.  At the meeting, Jim informed me that Telco had decided to insource all the contract sysadmins, and bring them on as direct Telco employees.  He had an offer letter waiting for me at the meeting. I opened the offer letter, only to discover that it was a 20% pay cut from what I was earning as a contractor, to do the same job.  There was a slight bump in terms of benefits value (from what I recall the 401k match was superior) but at first glance, it was obvious that this was a pay hit no matter how you added it up.  Jim also informed me that this wasn't optional, that the insourcing was going to happen whether I liked it or not, and that this was a "take it or leave it" offer. Not only would this be a pay cut, but I would also be reporting directly to Jim, as would all the other newly-insourced sysadmins on the team.  Either one of those would be dealbreakers, but I kept my mouth shut, knowing his history. 

I caught up with Lynne a few minutes later. She took one look at my face and knew what had just happened. "This is why I told you to trust me." she said, before I even said a word. 

I could have kissed her. 

So, a couple of weeks later I went in for the full interview at CoolTechCompany, which resulted in an offer that would have been a no brainer to accept even if I hadn't just had my pay cut. I received that offer just before the planned effective date of the insourcing (and pay hit.)

The next day, I walked in to Lynne's cube and let her know that I'd gotten the job. She got this look of utter delight on her face, and said to me: "You HAVE to let me be there when you tell Jim."  So, we walked over to his office together, and told him.  He looked absolutely floored, and as usually did when he didn't get his way, immediately went into argument mode. 

"All the other sysadmins took the job." (True, but two others quit within the first two months because they didn't have the headstart on their job search that I did)
"You're making a big mistake"  (And why would that be?)
"Do you think that little company is going to last?"  (They did.)

The problem was that because of the planned insourcing, there was no mechanism to continue to pay me past the end of that week, as Telco's contract with the outsourcer was expiring. Enter Marie. Marie was Jim's boss, who I had a great relationship with. Now, I felt genuinely bad about this, because IT operations at corporate HQ was her responsibility, and this left her with not only no email server support, but only a day to figure out how to ensure continuity. (My backup had quit for unrelated reasons a month before.) I was perfectly willing to give 2 weeks notice per custom, mind you - they just didn't have a straightforward way to pay me for it. 

So, Marie called me into her office, after Jim had left for the day. I told her that I was already in the interview process at the time Jim gave me the offer (This was true, although I left out the whole part about Lynne.), and the fact that it was such a big pay cut made it a no-brainer to continue the process. Marie had an utterly stunned look on her face, and she said to me: "Pay cut?  You all were supposed to be kept at parity."  

What I found out later (through my mole Lynne) was that Jim neglected to relay that instruction to company HR when they were preparing the offer letters.  They prepared the offers at what HR deemed to be market rate, which in this case was a substantial pay hit. I never found out if he did that on purpose, but given that he'd complained in the past that he thought we were overpaid for what we did, I'd be willing to hazard a guess that he did.  

Anyway, even though Marie upped the offer to match my current pay rate (so much for take it or leave it) and promised that I'd be reporting to her given my past history with Jim, I still declined as my new job had a lot more long term opportunity.  I ended up taking the job at the telco, just long enough to work out my notice period. HR was *VERY* confused at my exit interview when they noticed that I'd been with the company for only 9 working days. 

Incidentally, I ended up staying at CoolTechCompany for over 8 years. It was the best career move I ever made. My only regret about it was that I was never able to get Lynne a job there.  On the other hand, Marie stepped in and took away all of Jim's supervisory responsibility over the sysadmins, sticking him in a strict technical role.  He lasted a few months after that and bailed out to a much smaller company.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Hulkcaesarsavage** (2,967 points)

Oh, that crazy Jim! I guess he went from opening Windows to closing doors? 

-
Edit: REDDIT GOLD? First timer! Who would have thought being an idiot would finally pay off? In your face, mom. Thanks u/rWoahDude

**u/JamEngulfer221** (1,893 points)

I feel sorry for Marie having to deal with everyone quitting. She seems like a pretty great person, shame she had everything screwed up by Jim.

**u/Blempglorf** (1,363 points)

Marie is awesome.  She backed me up 100% after the biggest TIFU moment of my professional life.  (Yes that's another story, but I may not be able to post that one for a long while, as it's going to take some serious thinking to figure out how to anonymize it properly.)  I'll always be grateful to her for that.

**u/ComradeAlderMarx** (797 points)

Fuck Jim and everyone like him

**u/jaxder_jared** (414 points)

I both hate you and love you

**u/Memeliodas** (395 points)

HR: Hey Jim, make sure to keep current employees at parity.
Jim: Ok, so pay hit?
HR: No, Jim, PARITY
Jim: So.....pay hit?

**u/Why_Is_This_NSFW** (367 points)

One day in a large factory with a long assembly line a critical piece of equipment suddenly stopped working. This one machine brought the factory’s entire assembly line to a complete halt.  Partially finished products were backed up all through the factory. The company that owned the factory was in a complete panic as they were losing tens of thousands of dollars for every minute that the factory was shut down.  The workers were nervous, as they didn’t know what to do or say to bring this machine back to life.  No amount of fiddling by the operators or floor engineers could get the machine fired up. No one on the factory floor knew how to get this critical component back online.

The managers and executives were in a frenzy and didn’t know what to do either.  They knew there had to be a way to get this resolved and online or they would lose an enormous amount of money.

The chief mechanic was called in and he insisted that there was only one expert who he knew could correct the problem quickly so the factory could be online making money again.  Needless to say, the expert was called in. 

When the expert arrived, he examined the halted machine from this angle and that angle, skillfully moving all around for about ten minutes.  He then went and removed a hammer from his toolbox.  He walked up to the machine and inspected one specific spot before he struck the machine once with the hammer.  A loud whack was heard throughout the factory floor.  Suddenly the machine came back to life and started running at full capacity. Goods started moving smoothly down the assembly line at full rate and the factory was back online.  The workers sighed a sigh of relief. 

The corporate executives rejoiced.

The expert then presented the chief mechanic with a bill for $10,000. “This is outrageous!” the mechanic exclaimed “10,000 dollars to hit a machine with a hammer? You spent ten minutes here just to hit it with a hammer!!!! I’ll require an itemized bill for this!”


The expert pulled out an invoice sheet, wrote a few things down and then presented the chief mechanic with the following itemized invoice:

• Hitting machine with hammer $1.00

• Knowing where to hit machine $9,999.00

**u/kurokoshika** (318 points)

Lynne is a doll. I hope somewhere down the line she ended up with a happy ending too even if it wasn't at CoolTechCompany.

**u/empw** (287 points)

Seriously, people like him treat IT people like dirt because all they think they do is point and click. Shit is ridiculous.

**u/fuocoso** (269 points)

I have a Jim in my life (chemistry, not tech support) that was an absolute fucking asshole like this guy. Went over my head and tried to sabotage me - would go so far as to talk over me in meetings because he was leading them as the lab director. I left that company because I couldn't stand him and of course better pay. 

Fast forward a year and he has run the lab into the ground and is looking for new jobs as the lab is beginning to fully fail and I get an e-mail with his new non-compete, resume, etc. Oooh, what's this? he's looking for new jobs while working and under a non-compete? Even better, it's with a direct competitor and in direct violation of his non-compete AND nondisclosure agreements (the same ones I had to sign). 

Turns out the idiot had been scanning all of this AT WORK using the company scanner and didn't bother to change the default e-mail address (my personal address I had used to setup the machine since I was the defacto IT person at this small lab). He didn't test the machine before sending it to himself to make sure it was going to his personal e-mail first and boom, landed right in my lap. He called me frantically and e-mailed incessantly for about a week and I just let him hang in the breeze. That was a very good week as I got to tell the story to my former colleagues and current boss who had all dealt with him and also hated his guts.

**u/scorcher24** (264 points)

* Pen $1.00
* Knowing how to draw perpendicular red lines with blue ink $9,999.00

**u/anotherturingmachine** (248 points)

If you post it I'd love to hear about it. Thanks for a good story

**u/Tomawar40** (220 points)

I mean, it is a lot of pointing and clicking. There's just a lot more thought to the pointing and the clicking and the subnetting and the tech support and the repairs and the fixing and the upgrading and yadda yadda technical stuff. So glad I'm in QA.

**u/mashtato** (205 points)

I burst out laughing at the mental image of this. Jim gets a random email from some address he doesn't recognize that just says, "Hey buddy, go fuck yourself."

**u/adanufgail** (202 points)

I worked at a place that for some reason had an entire team dedicated to developing for Sharepoint. Within 6 months, the head quit, and 2 more people promoted to head after quit. Eventually they moved the team under another team's leadership and kept working. At no point did they think "maybe this team isn't working out." I just kept laughing as I would get a ticket to give someone additional permissions, and then less than a month later decommission the account.

My team's boss was told "we'll accept your resignation." His replacement lasted 4 months before quitting (he took a week vacation and came back to announce he was quitting). Their next level boss quit a month later. All the while, nobody stopped to think "what's really going on here?"

**u/MoonChaser22** (178 points)

My best guess would be that people like him do their job just well enough and in such a way they make themselves difficult to replace. They also make sure to have as many desirable skills as possible while making sure the skills don't apply to the day to day job, such as first aid training.

I had a HOD who was like this at an old job (not tech support related). He eventually did a disappearing act after being suspended pending an investigation. Took the new guy two months to deal with his mess while learning to ropes.

**u/silent_xfer** (167 points)

I like that you write without all the crazy embellishments. These two stories were great, and WOW fuck jim.

**u/Gambatte** (155 points)

I can kind of understand changing the remuneration when transitioning film contractor to in-house - there's a lot of stuff that the employer has to deal with for direct employees that the contractors have to deal with themselves. This constitutes extra workload and as such, contractors *should* be paid a higher rate than an employee. 

That said: if Marie specifically stated pay parity and her underling deliberately ignored that, then said underling needs a formal warning: actions like that severely undermine the whole department, until suddenly it all just falls apart, and the managers are left looking at the empty desks and the growing mountain of work that no one is doing, asking themselves: "How did this happen?"

**u/Hulkcaesarsavage** (143 points)

I feel the same way about myself.

**u/is_this_a_test** (137 points)

pay-hit-tery.

**u/adanufgail** (134 points)

Essentially the problem was the leadership (above the team head) was giving them unrealistic goals and deadlines and working them too hard with a product (Sharepoint) that never actually worked correctly for what they wanted to do (I think they were trying to integrate some other solution with it).

The other guys left because management was a bunch of idiots who only cared about money and getting new rich clients, at the expense of losing old trusted clients who kept us in business. The company later sold for $32 million so they all got their golden parachutes. My first boss started a new company poached roughly 1 client per month from them for about 2 years (he brought most of them to begin with). He later told me about a conversation he had with the COO in which he told them he figured out what the company was best at: "Apologizing to our clients."

**u/mikeputerbaugh** (117 points)

Why didn't she fire Jim?

**u/mrmagos** (106 points)

Don't forget, those perpendicular lines need to intersect, too. 

Yes, I can do that. I'm an expert.

**u/CyberKnight1** (101 points)

And a little bit of Erica by our side,   
A little bit of Rita is all we need,   
A little bit of Tina is what we see....

**u/Blempglorf** (96 points)

To be clear, Jim was a strong IT architect, an ex-sysadmin, and knew exactly what went into doing what we did.  He was also a dick.
