# You deleted all my files!

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/thedarkavengerx  
**Score:** 10,388  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/65cam1/you_deleted_all_my_files/  

---

Hey everyone, thought I would share this tale from one of my IT buddies. He had this one woman that would always puts tickets in for the smallest things. But this one takes the cake.

People:  
IT - IT Buddy  
CW - Confused Woman  

IT saw a ticket had come in and it was from CW. It said: "You deleted all my files! I need them to do my job!" IT called CW to see what was going on because we don't delete personal files off of people's computers unless there is a good reason for it and we have the user's permission. So while he was on the phone, he remotes into her computer and noticed everything but the recycling bin was missing on her desktop. He noticed that there was files in the recycling bin, so he opened it and all her files are there.

&gt;IT: Here are all your files, did you move them into here?

&gt;CW: Yes I did, I moved them in here to recycle them so they will be clean for me to work on them.

&gt;IT: .....Excuse me?

&gt;CW: Yes, I move them to the recycling bin to make them new again so I can reuse the files.

&gt;IT: This is the trash bin, you would move files here to delete them off of your computer.

&gt;CW: IT IS NOT A TRASH CAN, IT IS A RECYCLING BIN! IT SAYS SO RIGHT UNDER THE ICON!

So for the next half hour, my buddy had to teach her how to use the recycling bin.

---

## Top Comments

**u/AngryCod** (4,348 points)

Infuriating. "I don't know how computers work, but I will argue with the experts every time."

**u/I_READ_YOUR_EMAILS** (2,097 points)

The thing I don't understand when people take this "recycling" name literally is when you throw a plastic bottle into your recycling bin you still never expect to see it again.

**u/capt-chris** (1,540 points)

You think that's bad, I've had customers verbally agree to wiping their hard drives so I could reinstall Windows, sign a form to the same effect, and still say "Where are my files?" after I gave their computers back to them.  We asked you if you wanted us to back up your files before wiping the hard drive, and you said no.  It's not my fault that you're dumb.

**u/I_bless_you** (1,269 points)

You just described every single interaction I have with one specific person.

**u/AverageStormTrooper1** (1,012 points)

"Yeah, go ahead and delete everything. Nah, don't back anything up, it's fine."


"What the Hell? You deleted all my files!"

**u/Bioniclegenius** (923 points)

"You know how the janitor empties your recycling bin at night? That's what happens with your computer. Don't put stuff you want to keep in the recycling bin."

**u/thrilldigger** (487 points)

Files?  Go ahead - I don't really file anything, I just leave everything on the desktop.

**u/Zentrik1** (454 points)

We really should just change its name to trash can/incinerator

**u/The-Weapon-X** (375 points)

He/she just described an interaction I had with an old coworker who thought our outsourced internal help desk knew more than me, who worked in field services.

**u/I_bless_you** (306 points)

It amazes me how people who know absolutely nothing want to argue every step of the damn way and get frustrated when it doesn't get done because they don't let you do it because they won't fucking stop arguing. 

I just wonder if you know more than the people who are paid to know these things then why are you calling us?

**u/Mugen593** (288 points)

"Then why don't you just right click on it and empty it to get your stuff out?"  
My inner masochist wants to see how that would play out.

**u/WaulsTexLegion** (286 points)

How about File Deleter Thingy? That should be sufficiently technical for most users.

**u/I_READ_YOUR_EMAILS** (283 points)

I don't get paid enough to afford a janitor I have to empty it myself.

**u/CakeAccomplice12** (269 points)

How the fuck is this still a thing.  The recycling bin has existed for decades, and it has always had the same purpose.

My God

**u/knottj** (200 points)

"Hard drive space is a bit like paper. When it's new, it's blank, and you can write whatever you want on it. When you run out of space or decide to tidy up, you recycle any used paper you don't need, and it gets turned into new paper that can be written on again.

The main difference between paper and computer files is that when you recycle paper, you have to wait for the recycling bin to be collected, and you have to go out and buy new paper. But when you recycle a computer file, the computer has the recycling facility built in, so it can recycle the files and give you more space as soon as you empty the recycling."

How's this? I'm a little drunk so I'm not sure if it's too convoluted or not.

**u/WeirdAlCapone** (170 points)

This is what I get a lot when I'm helping somebody with an issue:  

"Ok I'm going to have to close all of your programs and give the computer a restart now, is there anything you need to save?"  

"Nah go ahead."  

So I start closing Office programs and the prompt comes up asking if the document should be saved before closing.  

"Do you need to save that?"  

"Oh, yeah I do.."

**u/falcongsr** (161 points)

You have a big head or a very tiny desk man.

**u/avianaltercations** (158 points)

Well if you consider how often redditors argue about stuff they clearly don't have expertise in, it's not really *that* surprising.

**u/audi4444player** (156 points)

you just reminded me of something that happened when I was younger, it's essentially the opposite but with the same "where are my files?". my computer died, I had at the time no idea how to fix it, nor a spare computer/tools necessary to figure it out (I still have no idea what was wrong, it died again later, I think it was something to do with the mb and psu) so my dad gets his IT guy to fix it ; the guy who built the lousy ass thing in the first place. I specifically asked him to back up everything, as I had no way of doing it myself, I gave him the external hdd and everything, he said he would. so I got it back and all my files were gone, he'd wiped the drive, "oh well" I thought "I'll just need to copy everything that he backed up back over". I looked on the hdd and he had only copied the documents folder, that had about 10mb (completely useless program data) of the quarter full 1tb hdd worth of files, he said it would have taken too long to copy everything, so he only copied what was important (so rather than my nice organised, clearly labelled file system he decided to just assume I used the default windows folders). damn, I was so angry, but it's what drove me learn how to do it all myself, thank god I don't have to deal with him anymore.

**u/Information_High** (156 points)

&gt; CW: Yes I did, I moved them in here to recycle them so they will be clean for me to work on them.

You know, I would **really** love to know why she thought her files were "dirty", and how "cleaning" them would be an improvement.

That explanation alone would be worth the price of admission.

**u/HittingSmoke** (152 points)

Always image the drive before destroying data whether it's agreed to be needed or not. I've had customers that went something like this.

&gt; $Me: I'm going to image the drive now. This is your final warning after signing the contract that this will destroy *all* data on the machine including documents, photos, saved passwords, email, and literally every other file. Okay? Okay.

&gt; *image drive to NAS, reinstall Windows*

&gt; $Client: WHERE ARE ALL MY FILES?

&gt; $Me: As you can see in this plain-English contract that you signed as I gave you multiple verbal warnings about the results, all data is gone.

&gt; $Client: I NEED THOSE FILES TO RUN MY BUSINESS! I DIDN'T KNOW IT WOULD DELETE *THOSE* FILES!

&gt; $Me: Per policy, we keep an image of all machines that are worked on for 30 days after service is complete for quality guarantee purposes. We can restore the image to the drive. This will put the machine back into the exact state it was in before we picked it up. However, since this was not a mistake on our part as we gave you multiple warnings, there will be a charge for any further work. Restoring the image will restore all of your files as well as any previous issues you were having. I can also give you a quote for extracting your important data from the disk image. The data backup and transfer fee will depend on the type of data, the amount of data, and where it's stored on the filesystem. If you don't have a portable drive of sufficient size there will also be an equipment charge for a new drive. You have until $date to decide, at which point your disk image will be automatically securely purged from our storage system with no possibility of recovery.

There are a few reactions that come after this in descending severity.

1. The customer throws a tantrum, accusing me of intentionally stealing their data so I can hold it for ransom. Threats of law suits get thrown out. They storm off. I don't want these people as customers so bridge happily burned in this case.

1. The customer throws a tantrum, takes their machine to another shop, then gets charged out the ass in the hope of a partial data recovery that just gets them a file dump in the root directory of an external drive then comes back to angrily pay for a data backup.

1. The customer begrudgingly pays while insisting that I didn't tell them their data would be deleted.

1. The customer feels humbled at their mistake and politely tells me they need their data back. In this case I'll usually cut them a deal for showing humility and dignity. I'll do it for free in extreme cases where people legitimately can't afford it and it's shit like family photos they never backed up.

You can come out on top financially or make a customer for life when you sypathise with their mistake and throw them a bone. Worst case is you've delayed a repair for a couple hours for insurance purposes and not needed it.

**u/Rangi42** (140 points)

Two paragraphs? No user will get all that.

**u/Tr1pla** (133 points)

I had one person ask for my help with a computer problem.  When I went to troubleshoot it they started to tell me that what I was doing wasn't going to fix it.  Instead of saying anything, I got up and started to walk away.  They responded with saying something like, "okay okay I'll shut up and you do your thing".  Less than a minute later I had the issue resolved.

**u/Spartelfant** (132 points)

$ 0.50 per mouseclick and an additional $ 499.50 for knowing where to click.

**u/2059FF** (125 points)

&gt; we shouldn't be calling a word document a 'file'.

Files have been called files since at least the 1960s. It's established terminology. If your argument is that the term is not idiot-proof, nothing is. "It's not a word document, because it doesn't document anything. It's the first draft of an epic poem I wrote."
