# CEO almost fired me on the spot

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/Salty_Firetrucks  
**Score:** 10,252  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/scim03/ceo_almost_fired_me_on_the_spot/  

---

So I worked at Tech Support for a big German retailer and the CEO’s laptop needed some updates on several programs (because we weren’t allowed to push that remotely on him… his rule). I go into his office and he was already annoyed about the fact it was going to take longer than 2 seconds. So he said he was going on a break, i do the thing and left. Took me 30 seconds. 

I get a call from him 5 min later: ‘you fucked up my computer, my screen is flashing and i can’t press anything! get in here NOW.’ 

*Sweat pouring down my back as i took the elevator and came back in.*

“What the fuck did you do? I can’t do shit here without you guys messing up every tiny thing. I swear I’m getting a whole new department if this shit happens again!” 

I looked, screen flashing, couldn’t even get to reboot. *panic intensifies* I look over to his side of the desk and there’s a remote numpad with a folder on the enter-key.

I push the folder off the thing and couldn’t hide the grin off my face.

“This didn’t happen okay?! Don’t tell anyone downstairs”

First thing i did. Condescending fuck.

---

## Top Comments

**u/NotYourNanny** (2,403 points)

I once had to drive to a (thankfully close) remote location to remove a stapler from the keyboard because neither the store manager nor his assistant could figure it out. Fortunately, I outrank both of them. (Equally fortunately, all my bosses have a sense of humor.)

**u/bonzombiekitty** (735 points)

Something similar happened to my wife.  She took her laptop with her when we were visiting family.  She took it out to do a quick bit of work and started freaking out that the keyboard wasn't working - it was just constantly printing a letter.  I go to take a look at it, and start getting worried too.  Key doesn't seem to be stuck.  Rebooting didn't help.  The laptop is old so I'm starting to think a physical problem with the keyboard on it.    


Then it clicks in my head.  Wait a minute... doesn't she have a wireless keyboard that she usually uses with this?  Check her bag... yep.  There it is, leaning against something, pressing down some keys....

**u/sandrews1313** (719 points)

Its important to add stuff like this to your internal tech wiki to help other techs arrive at the solution faster.

**u/Salty_Firetrucks** (628 points)

your username sounds like a lie

**u/LadyJohanna** (495 points)

Entitled idiots in power.

What's the worst that can happen?

That reminds me of the doctor who lost his shit because he couldn't dictate. Turns out the microphone wasn't even connected. Moron. But of course it was the 🖥 fault. Hey so don't plug the lamp in but then blame the lamp for not working. That'll do.

**u/MrDuck0409** (365 points)

Most CEO's are condescending f\*cks.

This isn't just a flippant statement.

My wife has to report directly to, worked under, or directly worked in the office of several CEO's, CFO's, Ops VP's and other corporate exec suites.

In many cases, the CEO's got to where they were because being belligerent, being a bully, and/or being a hard-ass made them successful.

Sad state of affairs.  I usually have to work with peers, direct manager, or mid-level managers and most are decent human beings.

But the higher you go, the biggest a-hole them become.

**u/Photodan24** (312 points)

So no apology for demeaning you but he wants you to keep quiet as a favor? Fat chance.

**u/NotYourNanny** (299 points)

You haven't been on the receiving end of my sarcasm. I rarely have to teach the same lesson twice.

**u/TrekRider911** (282 points)

I had a job offer once to serve as a IT assistant for a CEO of a major manufacturing company. The supervisor spoke highly of the pay (meh, it was mostly on par with most other IT jobs in the company); the bonuses (yes, they were nice), the gifts (here's a new computer this week, enjoy!), company car you could use all you want, etc.

The two guys who did the team interview spoke of temper tantrums, 24/7/365 in call, lots of 'don't tell my wife, but can you hide these folders for me' type calls; some days were 'setup the powerpoint for a billion dollar merger meeting' and others were 'ceo wants apple car play for his kid in the car, set it up.'

Never ran from a job offer so fast before.

**u/Kiusito** (273 points)

what a toxic bastard

**u/lilaliene** (260 points)

Good God, a co worker of mine wanted to trash a stapler because she put them in wrong and it didn't open anymore. 

1 minute with a pocket knife my male manager was horrified I pulled out of my purse and the thing worked again. 

I'm flabbergasted about how technical inadequate people are

**u/Uncommented-Code** (237 points)

In my experience it‘s mostly people with seniority, though I‘m sure there‘s correlation with other factors, but I noticed that to be a big thing.. Maybe it has to do with my relatively young age. 

The most striking example of people thinking "rules that should apply to everyone but me" I can remember was me being security concious enough to deny opening the door by badge to a man trying to get into the building at work. 

Holy shit he absolutely blew his lid on me for making him take his badge out of his backpack, which took all of 10 seconds. Guess I‘m sorry for not letting random people I have never seen before into our workplace, mister. Why do you think the doors have a badge reader? And I literally don‘t know who you are. 

Well turns out he was a senior engineer I had not met yet (was relatively new to the company) and at least he apologized to me afterwards and conceded that I was right in denying him. He was a pretty cool dude. Sometimes a bit grumpy and cranky. But if there‘s anything about these types of old bears that I love is sitting outside with them on coffee break and listen them tell all kind of wild stories about the company. Still think of him sometimes.

**u/depastino** (226 points)

Was it a red stapler?

**u/MyWorkAccount2018** (205 points)

Which is why I remove the batteries from the wireless keyboard prior to packing it in my luggage.

**u/arahman81** (193 points)

Don't the keyboards have a power switch?

**u/deeseearr** (130 points)

That interview had more red flags than a May Day parade.

**u/bkaiser85** (121 points)

404 Not Found

**u/Bezulba** (109 points)

I worked with city councilman, mayor's etc. I found them not that bad. It's their assistants you need to be wary off.. they can't take no for an answer.

**u/AngryCod** (98 points)

&gt;“What the fuck did you do? I can’t do shit here without you guys messing up every tiny thing. I swear I’m getting a whole new department if this shit happens again!”

I quit. Find yourself a new punching bag. I'm a full grown adult and you don't get to talk to me like that.

**u/NotYourNanny** (90 points)

Sadly, no, it was not.

**u/Shazam1269** (90 points)

If you go through a lot of ~~hammers~~ staplers each month, I don't think it necessarily means you're a hard worker. It may just mean that you have a lot to learn about proper ~~hammer~~ stapler maintenance.

Jack Handey

**u/OITLinebacker** (86 points)

Reminds me of the call I had to deal with a mysterious beeping noise in a classroom.   He was grumpy and smug about it in front of his class, basically saying that you best not fail his class or you would end up just being some guy who had to fix beeping noises.  

I'm sorry Chair of the CompSci department, but when you put your laptop down on top of the keyboard for our resident computer it is going to make a beeping noise.   It was fun walking away from that one.

**u/Toofpic** (77 points)

The solution is to change the workplace.

**u/darkthought** (77 points)

Yeah, that sounds like they were purposefully trying to NOT fill the position.

**u/HelpfulPuppydog** (73 points)

Think how ~~aroused~~ horrified your male manager would have been if you had pulled that knife out of your boot.
