# Modern Warfare needs 1TB of RAM...

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/WMTaylor3  
**Score:** 9,413  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/68znnq/modern_warfare_needs_1tb_of_ram/  

---

Hi all, mandatory LTL, FTP. On mobile so formatting will be a bit sketchy and disclaimer, not in Tech Support but hopefully will be eventually after completing my Comp-Sci degree.

Was in a TeamViewer session with a colleague but 10 brief minutes ago when I discovered to my distaste that his 2TB HDD was filled to the brim as was his 120GB SSD. Upon inquiring what was using such immense portions of precious digital real-estate, I was met with the standard "I'm not sure, it's always been like that. I just delete stuff when it's too full to function." Type response...

Enter WinDirStat to save the day. For those of you unaware, this little app displays the contents of your drives in a graphical layout, with the size usage of each file proportionately scaled to the others.

Normally one can expect a large block of medium sized files, some downloaded videos, a few steam games, but never in my years have I opened the application to find one GIANT M**********ING MONSTROSITY of a block consuming well over half the poor 2TB drive, barely leaving other little files to squeeze in around the edges, clawing desperately for some left over 1's and 0's to call home.

The seasoned among you will already have guessed, but this file was none other than the villain of the piece, the dark and shady 'pagefile.sys'. Our hero (yours truly) swam through the dark recesses of the system configuration in search of the settings pane that would confirm my hunch, all the while my colleagues eyes growing wider with understanding and guilt. Eventually I found it. The page file options were set to 'Manual Configuration', and that manual configuration was a default size of 1TB, with permission to expand to 1.2...

My colleague offered an explanation for his actions. Apparently some four years ago he fancied himself a game of Modern Warefare and was displeased to find it kept crashing. Rather than just quit some background applications or buy some more memory, he decided the best solution was to boost his page file size. First a GB, no good. Maybe 2GB. No dice. Eventually he must have just opted for 1 followed by a random amount of zeros, happening to be an entire TB.

Years passed and he didn't notice the change day to day as the page file gradually grew fatter, gorging itself on any scraps of excecutable it could find. Slowly expanding to occupy 1.2TB of his total 1.8. and that... Is how he has lived... Without question... For 4 years.

A page file size drop and reboot later and he was a happy camper, and I had my first TFTS post.

TL;DR: Friend wanted to play a game, lacked sufficient RAM. Sacrificed most of 2TB HDD to the page file gods as an eternal offering.

EDIT: Wow, this blew up overnight, thanks for making it a good first post all! :) Also, I've seen a lot of people ask why I'm doing Comp-Sci for tech support/wanting to go into tech support in the first place. Truth is I oversimplified things, I didn't think it was relevant but the specifics are, I'm doing a bachelor of Information Science, with a double major in Computer Science and Information Technology. Because, honestly I don't know specifically what I plan to do after graduating, just that I love IT and want to do something in that field. As for why tech support... After reading this sub-reddit, it sounds like it should keep me entertained!

---

## Top Comments

**u/showyerbewbs** (3,641 points)

50,000 files used to be stored here....now, it's a pagefile.



EDIT:  The post itself isn't gilded but I was given gold with the note:

&gt; Loved your MW comment. Made me think about the good ole days of 2007

This may or may not have been a result of /u/lsl1337 asking why it wasn't.  Thank you to the redditor who gilded me!

**u/cobrophy** (1,467 points)

&gt; he was a happy **camper**

Sounds like a Modern Warfare player alright

**u/Sarenor** (1,041 points)

I would suggest you reevaluate your choice of friend... The machine god demands his sacrifice!

A 1TB page file... Omnissiah give me strength!

**u/molotok_c_518** (496 points)

I just looked up the PC requirements for MW: 2 GB RAM.

That's quite a bit less than 1 *TB*. 500x less.

I'm.... yeah, that's all.

**u/WMTaylor3** (394 points)

Unfortunately the *stars* are not in position for this sacrifice!
Stars...
Can't do it...
Not today...

**u/Troggie42** (384 points)

*It's a legitimate strategy!*

**u/Gtantha** (364 points)

&gt;not in Tech Support but hopefully will be eventually after completing my Comp-Sci degree

I would reevaluate that if I were you. You can probably land a different, better paid job with less user interaction with a completed degree.

**u/Sir_Beret** (306 points)

Wait, so if we have a huge page file, Can we just delete it?

**u/midashand** (263 points)

In general terms, a page file is space on the hard drive that is treated as RAM. It is much slower than actual RAM, and is usually only used when the machine is using all the RAM it has and needs more.

EDIT: Additional info: OP's friend had turned off "automatic" mode, which the vast majority of PCs use, and instead entered a size manually. A HUGE size that ate most of his hard drive space.

EDIT2: As /u/ElusiveGuy points out, there is more to it than this, but again, this is a _general_ explanation of what a page file is.

**u/Stevey854** (251 points)

512x less, right?

**u/eyemadeanaccount** (250 points)

It's like a million files all cried out at once and were then silenced.  

That's no moon, it's a pagefile.  

Edit: Thanks to both Redditors that gilded this. May the fourth be with you.

**u/PearlClaw** (245 points)

be the change you wish to see in the world

**u/GimpsterMcgee** (231 points)

Still over 2 orders if magnitude of difference. It's like "it's going to be 4000 degrees today" and asking "oh is that Fahrenheit or Celsius?" fucking hot is all you need to know.

**u/BaleZur** (226 points)

Hopefully I understand what you are asking as that sentence looks like English is not your main language. Let me know if I misunderstood your question.

Some files you can delete. If they are data files go for it. If they are application files then you should uninstall the application to not leave bits and pieces behind in registry and other folders.

In the case of the pagefile that is a special type of file called a systemfile. Systemfiles are locked by the system and can only be changed by the system. Hence the need to go find the pagefile settings and change them then reboot.

**u/molotok_c_518** (206 points)

Right... computer math, not consumer math. I forgot.

**u/Sir_Beret** (163 points)

Lol ironically English isn't my first language, it's actually Spanish but my English is fairly proficient at even a collegiate level. Haha, just had a typo. Mobile swiping keyboards are a godsend and a curse. 

Anyways, yeah that clears it up. Thanks.

**u/MrDowntempo** (163 points)

I'm in tech support and working on Comp Sci so I can get OUT!

**u/gamerkidx** (133 points)

So im still really new to computer stuff. Is a paging file a place where temprary files are placed?

**u/CerinDeVane** (131 points)

Hey, if the enemy can't smoke me even if they know *exactly* where I'm at, that's not my problem.

**u/mosqua** (125 points)

Aim higher! You don't need a CS degree for tech support.

**u/TheRabidWalnut** (119 points)

We shall send the sacrifice to Xibalba! (The Spirit Realm)

**u/molotok_c_518** (99 points)

...it could be Kelvin, too.

(j/k)

**u/Legend017** (93 points)

r/unexpectedredvsblue

**u/Collier1505** (92 points)

Modern Warfare opening cinematic; 50,000 people used to live here, now it's a ghost town.

**u/hattroubles** (75 points)

BITS FOR THE BIT GOD

HDDS FOR THE STORAGE THRONE
