# Why would you sell me an obsolete system? ???

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/DaWayItWorks  
**Score:** 9,324  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/6qy004/why_would_you_sell_me_an_obsolete_system/  

---

This comes from the wonderful world of home security systems customer support. My coworker fields this one.

$CW is coworker.  
$GOG is grumpy old guy. 

$CW: "thank you for calling Blah Blah Blah Security,  how may I help you?"

 $GOG: *Gives name, address, password, blood sample of first born for verification purposes.*  "Well my system isn't accepting codes and won't turn on or off. I think it started after the storm that came through last night."

$CW: "Did lightning strike your house or close by?"

$GOG: "yes"

$CW: "I see. Based on the age of the system, it probably took a surge. We're unable to get replacement parts anymore,  so you'll need an upgrade. I can get someone in sales to call you with a price."

$GOG: "Well can't you just send someone out to fix it?"

$CW: "We certainly can, but as it's obsolete equipment it's unlikely they can repair it. You'd still be billed for the service call."

*This is where the customer gets irate*

$GOG: **WHY WOULD YOU SELL ME AN OBSOLETE SYSTEM???**


$CW: *soft voice* "Well Sir, it *was* brand new in 1986."

---

## Top Comments

**u/wertperch** (3,693 points)

Good grief, I'd be delighted if my 1986 computer were still working usefully long enough to be struck by lightning.

**u/holdstheenemy** (796 points)

why would you sell me a machine that will be obsolete sometime in the distant future????? That's how I would've responded. 

Kidding aside, I wonder why you would be angry about upgrading your system, if someone told me it was that old id say well i guess its about time i did have an upgrade and thank you for pointing that out.

**u/LaterGatorPlayer** (742 points)

works usefully as a paper weight

**u/wertperch** (583 points)

Yes, it is an [interrobang](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interrobang)!

**u/StandingByToStandBy** (495 points)

I am one of today's lucky 10,000.

**u/wertperch** (471 points)

…and possibly count from zero to zero‽

**u/vsou812** (413 points)

Is....

Is that character at the end *both* a question mark and an exclamation point....?

**u/Jerks_took_my_name** (294 points)

$$$

**u/Cyberblood** (279 points)

Asked a coworker if she knew what an interrobang was, got reported for sexual harassment.

**u/Salvidrim** (263 points)

Oh god this is just like every single one of our clients with old Nortel SL-1 systems who asks "why can't I get advanced VOIP function XYZ?" and the only reply we can give is "because your 35+ years old system wasn't made to be compatible with functionality that wasn't even thought of when you bought it brand new in 1979"

**u/alotofcrag** (237 points)

I was born in 1987 and I barely work.

**u/The_Tech_Monkey** (229 points)

I love how old tech still works to this day to the point the *(insert specific obsolete tech term)* is no longer supported or even available.

Like I put a 256MB Nvidia 6800GT (circa 2004) into a brand new motherboard and it worked perfectly fine!

But new Tech requires so many specifics that you cant mish mash things anymore!

**u/Zaphod1620** (219 points)

To be fair, I am 42 and I sometimes see items on /r/nostalgia and think, "WTF, that isn't old" and find out it went out of production 16 years ago.

**u/SupermansOlderBro** (197 points)

I've never had any issues with new hardware, in fact I'd say interoperability has gotten a lot better in the last 10 years.

I can be reasonably certain that the RAM I buy will work without checking specific timing values, for example.

**u/starkiller_bass** (191 points)

Capitalizing on that planned obsolescence and forcing the little guy to buy a new phone system every 35 years.  SAD.

**u/thatpaulbloke** (177 points)

Just like you lose more money by waiting until your servers are 14 years old and your software is eight years out of support before upgrading rather than just looking after it properly. People often don't make smart choices.

**u/Sir_Boldrat** (134 points)

The "gigity" didn't help either.

**u/derfy2** (123 points)

&lt;I understood that reference.gifv&gt;

**u/CestMoiIci** (118 points)

Well, the way you raised your eyebrows while asking implied something else

**u/ThirdFloorGreg** (114 points)

The interrobang is definitely not common knowledge. It isn't super uncommon, but if you just expect every adult you meet to know about it, you will be frequently disappointed.

**u/holdstheenemy** (108 points)

You'd lose more money having your house broken into then a simple upgrade, depending on the cost of course.

**u/HactarCE** (105 points)

[Here it is!](https://xkcd.com/1053/)

**u/Ankoku_Teion** (97 points)

i was manufactured 10 years later than you and i dont work at all. i m running too many background processes for the interface to accept input or give a timely response.

**u/rowdiness** (90 points)

The first car I bought new is now registrable as a classic. Feels bad man.

**u/Necro_infernus** (85 points)

heh, reminds me of my favorite story from when I (briefly) did a door to door gig to set up estimates to upgrade older windows. The houses in the area have a turn of the century look to them, and some had replacement windows that looked like an older style that matches the house but were actually pretty new. I got to one house and this sweet old lady answered. I started me spiel about what I was there, trying to make it quick since I didn't try to push anything on someone that seemed old enough to be vulnerable. Conversation went something like;

Me: "...We're looking for homes in the area to do some advertising for and it looks like your house has old windows, have you thought about replacing them?" 

her: "Oh, well my husband just replaced them a few years ago"

me: (thinking great I have a quick way out) "well they match the aesthetic house great, I couldn't tell they were newer"

her: "Yes well they are, he finished them in 66 or 67 i think..."

This was in 2006... She was, as far as I could tell, being genuine.
