# HR managers HATE this one trick

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/Regs2  
**Score:** 9,234  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/5t2swq/hr_managers_hate_this_one_trick/  

---

Every office has their special users.  The ones who can't figure out anything technical, everything is an emergency, and everything has to function exactly the same or they can't work.  At my job, it is the HR lady.  Since she is just HR, all her problems boil down to a printer error, excel, word, reboot and it works type of issues, and since I am the System admin they are all my responsibility.  

However, every issue she has she comes back to IT, walks right by my desk goes to the programmer, manager, network admin and explains the issue.  Every time they either tell her to go me (even though she gets bitchy), or relay the info to me to fix.  

A few weeks back, she had a problem with the calculations on an excel spreadsheet.  Everyone was at lunch, so she's forced to ask me.  Immediately, I say it is probably rounding up or down because it is only off by a penny.  This doesn't suffice, so she ignores me and waits until lunches are done to return.  She goes to programmer guy and like usual, he passes it to me.  I email her with a breakdown showing how it is rounding.  She still wants programmer guy to look at it, so my manager responds with a message saying he will get to when he can.

Well, programmer guy is swamped, the new website launch is getting pushed out, her excel "problem" gets shelved with her emails coming ever more frequent.  My manager even resends my explanation, but she wants programmer guy to look at it.  This is unacceptable, so she goes to the VP saying we aren't helping her.  

My boss sets up a meeting with the 3 of us for me to explain the issue.  It was the shortest meeting ever because I start explaining it and our VP completely understands right away.  The VP cuts me off, looks at HR lady and says "You pulled me into a meeting for this shit?"

TLDR; HR lady with easy issue ignores obviously solution only to be burned by VP.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Gambatte** (3,286 points)

It's a classic case of wasting dollars to save cents. Your time is $X/hr, her time is $Y/hr, the programmer's time... By the time you spent one minute investigating, the cents saved by fixing it to her satisfaction had already been wasted. This only got worse as more people got involved.

Nice to see the VP layeth the smack down, though.

**u/Regs2** (2,197 points)

Yep, our VP is a no nonsense type of lady.  My boss set up the meeting just for this reason.

**u/Epistaxis** (1,006 points)

That's some fine boss work there.

**u/Osiris32** (711 points)

You mean....like a boss?

**u/zer0mas** (662 points)

Is there anything better than seeing a problem user getting their comeuppance from the higher ups?

**u/Regs2** (591 points)

Nope, that's why my manager setup the meeting.  He was sick of her wasting others time and was looking for a way to stop it.  Go to the Sys admin wasn't working, so he resorted to public humiliation.

**u/Gambatte** (566 points)

I'd be more concerned that payroll was being handled in an Excel spreadsheet, because how is the confidential employee information (tax information, bank account, etc) being handled?  
Even so, for that sort of situation where you absolutely cannot short someone ever, by even a single cent, then that's exactly what the `ROUNDUP` function is for.

---

*If common sense was truly common, it wouldn't need a name.*

**u/400HPMustang** (451 points)

&gt; But in general she is socially awkward around me because she's from the deep sticks and doesn't know how to relate to us city folk

Exactly the qualifications you want in an HR person.

**u/Lucid_Crow** (415 points)

When you work for a small company, that answer is usually "it's on hr lady's hard drive only and she locks the door to her office."  Even typing that out made me cringe.

**u/Regs2** (407 points)

I think it's partially because she has this self righteous "My problems are important, don't give it to the new guy" attitude.  But in general she is socially awkward around me because she's from the deep sticks and doesn't know how to relate to us city folk.

**u/LadyBonersAweigh** (371 points)

Go put 2009 back where you found it.

**u/Phoneczar** (339 points)

I work It for a city gov agency. Our HR Dept is right next door. When we implemented our service desk HR folks felt they were above putting in a ticket and waiting their turn. After several heated discussions HR was told to stay OUT of the IT area period by IT director. After that they now follow suit.

**u/PWAERL** (336 points)

I am the programmer guy where I work. And work with IT and tech support all the time. I have noticed that one of their most subtle tricks reserved for the most unreasonable users, is to comply completely to everything the user says. Idiots get so screwed, since they don't realize the unwritten protective function that IT plays even when taking all their shit. 

For example, Business VP goes straight to IT VP (CIO actually) and says your people are the most uncooperative bunch we have ever seen. We have all kinds of needs, all kinds of problems, but they never do anything for us. This is big, so everybody gets called into a room. I see IT VP and IT Manager exchange glances. IT Manager is contrite. I am so sorry, sir, let's fix this. I am setting up weekly review meetings immediately with the users. First week, two users dial in. Second week, one. Third week onwards, none. Two months later, IT VP takes the attendance sheet (which was being tracked), and goes to Business VP and says, hey, looks like all your problems have disappeared. We are good, right? Business VP has nothing to say. 

Most people don't realize how much they can get done simply by being nice to the IT guy. Processes are meant to be followed, but Process Manuals are meant to be thrown. It is simple, don't make them throw it at you.

**u/rotorain** (334 points)

If HR there handles payroll, it's usually necessary for the numbers to match up exactly even if the one cent is not important. Shorting somebody even 1 cent on a paycheck is very illegal even though it probably doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things. 

So there's a good chance that the problem absolutely needs to be corrected, but she shouldn't go wasting people's time and company money when the solution is so obvious. The world would run a whole lot smoother if common sense was a teachable skill later in people's lives...

**u/400HPMustang** (284 points)

Why does it seem like this woman doesn't like you? Did you embarrass her in front of a room full of people once before?

**u/TheUniverseCaresNot** (266 points)

Hi HR... I'd like to report an issue that I'm having with some of my colleagues... who work in HR.

**u/aboutblank** (242 points)

Why does HR seem to be in so many of these stories?

**u/KitKatKnitter** (205 points)

Aw...

**u/Regs2** (200 points)

She's a mother too, as she lets everyone know all the time.

**u/Regs2** (193 points)

I'm glad it's not just me.  Almost every tech job I've had it's HR being a pain in the ass.

**u/RabidWench** (180 points)

"OH? Was there a mystical 'understanding all the intricacies of the universe' master class that I missed somewhere in my four goddamn pregnancies? Bitch, do your job." 

Being a mother just gave me a bad memory and a lot of dirty diapers to dispose of. I wanna know where it says I'm overqualified for life now.

**u/Gambatte** (177 points)

I've been there... They sometimes get the idea that a locked door may not be as secure as they think when you show them that you're pushing files to their desktop by copying them to the old `\\HR\C$\Users\HRLady\Desktop\`.

**u/KitKatKnitter** (173 points)

&gt; You mean....like a ~~boss~~Bawse?

FTFY

**u/lemonade_eyescream** (153 points)

This. The moment someone tries running roughshod over our processes I'm swamping them with triplicate. You want paperwork? By god you'll *eat* paperwork.

**u/ComputersByte** (152 points)

In a lot of places wasting 5 minutes of the VP's time is a fire-able offense.  She's obviously never lost a job by refusing to do what she's told before.
