# Today I charged someone $450 to plug in their computer.

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/[deleted]  
**Score:** 9,069  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/ode44e/today_i_charged_someone_450_to_plug_in_their/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/demize95** (2,366 points)

My father has a similar story from his job. He installs doors in schools, and he got a call that an external door wasn’t closing properly (so the building couldn’t be secured). Gets there, checks the hinges, pulls a rock out from between the door and the frame, and bills them his 4 hour minimum. 

Sometimes when people realize there’s a potentially major problem they skip straight to getting the experts in and accept nothing less. Then they have to pay the experts to solve a simple issue.

**u/AleksanderSteelhart** (537 points)

Or… they realize that they’re way in over their head, so everything is an emergency and contact you for anything and everything.

**u/katmndoo** (529 points)

Took me a while to not bend over backwards on things like that. Good on ya.

**u/ward3n** (497 points)

I once had a customer reluctantly agree to a repair of their new computer because it shouldn’t stop working after just a day, my colleague tried to troubleshoot with her but she just outright refused. 

Anyway he booked it in for a repair and I got to work on it.

I plugged it into charge and it lit up right away with a low battery message. 

I didn’t charge her for the “repair” when she came back she bought us a box of Krispy Kreme donuts. (She was very clearly embarrassed after my call explaining charging her laptop is something she would need to do when the battery was low)


TL:DR I ate like 6 donuts.

**u/HuntVirtual740** (447 points)

At least they will never again say i hate telephone stuff

**u/LozNewman** (377 points)

As a wise IT teacher of mine once said: "90% of all problems are due to the connectors."

First checking absolutely everything is plugged-in with a functional cable has saved me soooooo much trouble.

**u/Solid_Waste** (336 points)

I have to make calls like this all the time. There are lots of reasons it's often worth it to call the professionals straight away. 
  
  
1. Sometimes the expensive professionals are the only ones who actually provide prompt service especially after hours, so it's worth it to get it done.  I know I'm not paid to be on-call so I'm not dragging my drunk ass over to a location on a weekend.  
  
2. If there's a chance the problem is over a regular person's head, you're potentially wasting time better spent getting the professionals.  
  
3.  If the issue effects a large organization, the cost of a professional is small compared to the impact of downtime, it's worth it to get it done right.  
  
That said, *if possible* it's always preferable to investigate the simple fixes.  Unfortunately the reporting party is often a complete simpleton and/or not willing to help at all.  They're just some annoyed person who wants someone else to deal with it.

**u/ascii122** (309 points)

there was an epic story on here about a guy in Scotland who has to go up 3-4 hours away .. get put up in a hotel with all expenses (mini-bar destroyed) to fix a super important thing.. and all he has to do is switch on the plug.  In UK a lot of plugs have a switch .. the dummies plugged everything in and never turned on the plug.  I tried to find it .. but yeah.. he did well for hitting a switch (which everyone in UK knows about).

nice one mate

**u/johnny_kobra** (303 points)

You sweet summer child..

**u/Kaliedo** (194 points)

Honestly, I would forgive much worse for a box of those donuts. I'm lucky there isn't a Krispy Kreme anywhere near me, I'd probably turn into a donut.

**u/Thriven** (187 points)

Way in over their head... Like doors.

**u/grond_master** (183 points)

&gt; "90% of all problems are due to the connectors."

By 'connectors' you mean the people who're supposed to make the connections? Id est the users, right?

**u/drunkenstarcraft** (170 points)

I had a project in the middle east spread over many sites with many customers and flights required to get between. Over Christmas, I was the only guy from my company out there for about a month since everyone else went home for holidays. 

One dude kept calling me saying his equipment wasn't working. I told him to send one of his employees outside with a cell phone so we could troubleshoot but he told me everyone was too busy and I needed to come look. I told him "with my current workload, it'll be about two weeks to clear other requests and make it out to you, are you sure you can't just send someone outside?" Nope, all too busy, need me. 

Over the next two weeks, we had the same conversation half a dozen times as I cleared other work to make it to his request, and they were always too busy to go look at the equipment while I was on the phone with them. When I finally showed up, I walked the fifteen minutes from their office to the equipment and fixed everything in 30 seconds by picking up a solar panel that fell off it's mount and screwing it back on. 

The upside is it was a lucrative contract. The downside is I was already on contract so I couldn't fleece them any more for the waste of time.

**u/NorthForthWorth** (152 points)

https://www.reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/lcdfes/10_seconds_for_us10000/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf

Here it is - one of my favorites!

**u/barubary** (145 points)

&gt; Id est the users, right?

Whoa. I've never seen anyone spell out "i.e.". Nice.

**u/Ryebread095** (108 points)

I was making some minor upgrades to my PC yesterday and had a minor panic attack when it didn't boot.  Then I realized I plugged in everything except the power cable...

**u/Thriven** (97 points)

WAY IN OVER THEIR HEAD... LIKE DOORS!

**u/UglierThanMoe** (91 points)

&gt; Sometimes when people realize there’s a potentially major problem they skip straight to getting the experts in and accept nothing less.

That's actually the way to go. If something's potentially fucked and it's important, ask the expert. But when the expert tells you it's probably an easy fix that can be done over the phone, you listen and do what the expert says and not pay several hundred bucks of I-want-you-here-in-person-ASAP tax.

**u/ShKalash** (89 points)

When I was in my senior year of college, we rented a house where the only quick option for food was an In-n-Out with a Krispy Cream next to it. 

Trying to graduate and working long hours on the computer, with that little strip mall around the corner did havoc for my weight. 

Was so worth it though at the time 🙈

**u/Kaligraphic** (85 points)

A lot of the time, though, it's just an excuse to sprinkle in some Latin - exempli gratia this very comment.

^^:)

**u/fruchle** (83 points)

Garage doors?

**u/HardboiledMook** (82 points)

This guy tech supports.
