# I know IT better than IT

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/airzonesama  
**Score:** 9,034  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/5tkwz1/i_know_it_better_than_it/  

---

So a few years back, I was working in a manufacturing company as IT manager. Like many industries, we had a number of machines with embedded computer systems. For the sake of convenience, we called these "production machines", because they produce stuff. By and large, these PC's are just normal desktop PC's that have a bunch of data acquisition cards in them connected to a PLC, or a second network card connected to an ethernet capable PLC. Invariably these PC's are purchased and configured when this production machine is being commissioned, and then just left as is until the production machine is retired... In some cases, this can be as long as 20 years. Please bear in mind that this is 20 years inside a dusty, hot factory environment.


I've been in manufacturing environments before, and this concept is not new to me. Thanks to a number of poignant lessons in the past, I make it my business to understand these PC's inside and out. I like to keep them on a tight refresh cycle, or when it's not practical (in the case of archaic hardware or software), keep as many spares as possible. Also, regular backups are important - you just have to understand that unlike a normal PC, it can be difficult to do and plan it well in advance. More often than not, these PC's aren't IT's responsibility - they fall under engineering or facilities. Even so, these guys understand that IT runs just about every other PC in the business, and welcome any advice or assistance that IT can provide. Finally, these PC's are usually tightly integrated into a production machine, and failure of the PC means the machine stops.


And so we have today's stars:

Airzone: Me, the new IT manager. 

TooExpensive: The site's facilities manager. He's in charge of the maintenance of the site, including all of these production machines. He's super paranoid about people trying to take his job, so he guards all his responsibilities jealously and doesn't communicate anything lest they get the drop on his efforts. Oh, and he has a fixation about not spending company money - even to the point of shafting the lawn-mowing guy out of a few hours pay - hence the name.

VPO: Vice president of operations. The factory boss. No nonsense sort of guy.

OldBoy: We'll get to him, but his name is derived from being a man in his 70's.


I'm new, but in my first few weeks I've already had a number of run-ins with TooExpensive. I'm a fairly relaxed guy, but I have no qualms about letting someone dig their own grave and fall into it - and in the case of TooExpensive, I'd be happy to lend him my shovel. My pet hate was when organising new network drops, I will always run a double when we needed a single. We're paying working-at-heights money already, and a double drop is material cost only. i.e. Adding $50 - $100 material on a $4000 single drop cost. He'd invariably countermand all my orders and insist on singles. And then a few weeks / months later, I'd have the sparkie in again to install the second drop, at another $4k.

And then there was the time that he was getting shirty because I was holding up a project of his.. Well sorry, if you are running a project that requires 12 - 16 network ports, you'd better at least talk to the IT guys prior to the day of installation. Not only will you not have drops, you won't have switch ports. And if you didn't budget for them, or advise far enough in advance that I could, then you can wait until I get around to it. Failure to plan is not an emergency.

So you could see that we didn't exactly gel together well.

Which brings us to these production machines, and the PC's nested within. Every attempt for me to try and document, or even understand  them was shut down by TooExpensive. 

&gt; *Me*: Hardware and software specifications? 

&gt; *TooExpensive*: That's my job, get lost. 

&gt; *Me*: Startup and shutdown procedures? 

&gt; *TooExpensive*: That's my job, get lost. 

&gt; *Me*: Backup? 

&gt; *TooExpensive*: That's my job, get lost.

&gt; *Me*: Emergency contacts? 

&gt; *TooExpensive*: That's my job, get lost.


You get the picture. It resulted in a strong and terse email from TooExpensive to leave it alone. He had all the documentation, contacts, backups, and didn't need, or want my meddling, and I was not to touch any production machine's PC under any circumstance.

Move forward a few months and I'm helping one of the factory workers on their area's shared PC. It's located right next to one of these production machines. It's old. The machine itself was nearly an antique, but the controls system had been "recently" upgraded. It had co-ax network of 2 PC's - one NT4 primary domain controller, and a NT4 workstation, and a network PLC (also on co-ax). The machines were pentiums running the minimum specs for NT4 to run, with a control application whose application logic was configured entirely through a propriety database. I had actually seen this software in a different company, so I had some basic familiarity with it. The co-ax was terminated on a hub with a few cat5 ports on it to connect to our LAN and an old hp laserjet printer. These particular production machines are rare, only a few of them exist in the world. We bought this one from a company that had gone out of business a few years earlier.

It was test&amp;tag day and TooExpensive was running around a sparkie to do the testing. My earlier instruction to the sparkie was to not disconnect any computer equipment if it was not powered off. And so it came time to test this production machine's PC. The sparkie wasn't going to touch it while it was on. Luckily TooExpensive came prepared with his thoroughly documented shutdown procedure: yank the power cords. The test passed, new labels were applied to the power cord, he plugged it back in and turned it back on, then ran off to his next conquest without waiting for the boot to finish.

10 minutes later, the machine operator starts grumbling. I have a quick peek, and see that the control software had started, but the screen was garbled and none of the right measurements were showing. TooExpensive is called over, and he talked one look, pales, and then runs off. 

10 minutes later, the operator looks at me and asks for help. I call TooExpensive's mobile, and it's off. I called VPO's mobile and suggest that he comes over immediately.

10 minutes later, the operator, VPO, and I are looking at this machine. It's fucked. There's the better part of a million dollars worth of product to be processed by this machine, and the nearest alternate machine is in Singapore, belonging to a different company. And if the processing isn't done within soon, the product will expire and be scrapped. 40% of revenue is from product processed by this machine. We're fucked.

10 minutes later, we still can't get onto TooExpensive. We can't talk to him about the "backups" or any emergency contacts that he knows about. We can't even get his phone to ring.

So as I have said, I have used this software before and have a basic understanding. I know enough that the configuration is everything, and configuration is matched to the machine. But I also knew a guy who did some of the implementations. A call to him gave me a lead, and I followed the leads until about 4 calls later, I had the guy who implemented this particular machine. OldBoy had retired 10 years earlier, but VPO had persuaded him to come out of retirement for an eyewatering sum of money.

A few hours later, OldBoy took one look at the machine and confirmed that the database was fucked. We'd need to restore it from backup. TooExpensive is still not contactable.

&gt; *Me*: Let's assume for a moment that there is no backup. What do we need to do.

&gt; *OldBoy*: Normally I'd say pray, buy you must have done that already because I haven't kicked the bucket yet.

To cut a long story short, we had to rebuild the database. But not from scratch. OldBoy's MO was when setting up a machine, when he was done, he'd create and store a backup database on the machine. The only issue was that 20 years of machine updates needed to be worked out. It also just so happens that through sheer effort, I am able to compare a corrupted database file to a good one, and fool with it enough to get it to load in the configuration editor. It's still mangled, but we are able to use that as a reference to build the lost config. 

All up, it took 4 days to bring this machine back online. But we did. To be honest, I certainly wasn't capable of doing this solo, and without my efforts to patch the corrupted database file, OldBoy would not have been able to restore 20 years of patches that we had no documentation for.

And what of TooExpensive?

After OldBoy and I started working on the problem, he showed up again. He ignored any advice about a backup (because obviously there wasn't any), and instead demanded regular status updates for him to report to VPO. The little shit had screwed up the machine, run off to hide, and now a solution was in progress, was trying to claim the credit.

When it was all running again, OldBoy debriefed VPO on the solution. I then had my turn with VPO.

&gt; *VPO*: So Airzone. Thanks for your help. Your efforts have un-fucked us. 

&gt; *Me*: No worries.

&gt; *VPO*: And now we get to the unpleasant bit. TooExpensive claims that you didn't follow procedure when shutting down the machine, causing it to crash. He also claims that you hadn't taken any backups, and it was effectively your fault.

&gt; *Me*: And when we tried to call him?

&gt; *VPO*: He claims he was busy contacting his emergency contacts.

&gt; *Me*: I see.

&gt; *VPO*: I don't believe a word of that shit. Unfortunately it's your word vs his. If I had the evidence, I'd fire him.

&gt; *Me*: *(opening the email TooExpensive had sent me about meddling on my phone)* You mean this evidence?


Half an hour later, I got the call to lock TooExpensive's account and disabled his access card.


Edit: Wow, this story seems to have resonated with so many people here..  And thanks for the gold, kind stranger!

---

## Top Comments

**u/AsmodeanUnderscore** (2,672 points)

"This thing is really important!"

"Mind sharing info about it?"

"*MY PRECIOUS*"

**u/lemonade_eyescream** (1,960 points)

&gt; You mean this evidence  

There are a few times in your life when something happens that you have a grin on your face so wide even a nuke couldn't wipe it off.

**u/b-monster666** (1,257 points)

That's why I save every fucking email.

One time, I was working for a large energy distribution company, I was in the IT security department where the main part of my job was to setup users' accounts, and remove users' accounts.  Well, a day came for the big Windows 7 deployment push.  Three additional subcontractors were brought on to assist with the deploy.

Deskside services manager sends in the proper request to add the three employees into the system, and indicates which permissions they require for the deploy.  I look at it, and it seems a little light for a standard deskside support user.  So I email her back and said, "I'm going to process these user accounts, but can you confirm that this is all they need access to?"

She wrote a very curt email back to me saying, "Yes."

I wrote back and said, "Ok.  I just want to be clear that they won't be able to access some of these systems with this access request.  Typically, deskside gets these access permissions."

She wrote back, "I know what I asked for.  They don't need that!"

So I wrote back, "Ok.  No problem.  I'll just give them access to X and Y then, and not Z.  But, if you find out they need access to Z, let me know and I'll get on it as soon as possible."

She wrote: "No, they don't!"

So, I set them up exactly as she asked, provided her the credentials, etc.  A few days go by and my manager came up to me.  "b-monster666, you set these deskside support people up, right?"

"Yes I did.  I remember that very well."

"Well, deskside manager told me that you didn't set them up properly."

"Oh?  How so?"  I knew where this was going.

"They need access to Z, and you didn't provide them with that access."

"Yes, I'm aware.  I asked deskside manager several times if they needed access to Z and she said no.  Would you like the emails?"

So, I sent my manager the emails who in turn sent it to the general IT manager.

One thing I loathed about working in large corporations was the freaking office politics that goes on.  Everyone's trying to backstab everyone else in order to advance.

**u/AngryCod** (1,031 points)

&gt;There's the better part of a million dollars worth of product to be processed by this machine, and the nearest alternate machine is in Singapore, belonging to a different company. And if the processing isn't done within soon, the product will expire and be scrapped. 40% of revenue is from product processed by this machine. We're fucked.

Absolutely critical piece of equipment with no maintenance plan and no backup?  Yeah, sounds about right.

**u/awfyou** (830 points)

"OldBoy: Normally I'd say pray, buy you must have done that already because I haven't kicked the bucket yet.
"

Best Part :)

**u/airzonesama** (735 points)

This incident was a wake-up call for the company. Things changed, especially after they got a new facilities manager.

**u/MilkTaoist** (645 points)

I've known more than one person with this attitude. They always seem to think of it as some sort of job security, when really it's just infuriating and potentially damaging.

**u/rangoon03** (577 points)

She knew she messed up and lied about it to cover her ass, she didn't care what would happen to you. Just herself. 

It's happened before in the past to me and they don't apologize to you or bring it up later. But I found that karma pays them a visit.

**u/J3ll1ng** (484 points)

If you can't be replaced you can't be promoted.

**u/alsignssayno** (475 points)

Job security isn't being the only one with access, it's being cooperative and well liked enough to have others come to fight for you when you fuck up.

**u/CyanPeppa** (409 points)

I disagree.

&gt;VPO: I don't believe a word of that shit. Unfortunately it's your word vs his. If I had the evidence, I'd fire him.  
Me: (opening the email TooExpensive had sent me about meddling on my phone) You mean this evidence?

*This* is the best part. :D

**u/Rook730** (325 points)

I am a controls engineer in a manufacturing environment. I have worked in a few different plants and they are all like this. I am currently in the process of rehabilitating an old DOS computer. We have a vital testing process that parts must go through before we can ship them and this DOS box runs the tester. There are only two in the plant, these are the only two in the world. 

No backups.

**u/b-monster666** (319 points)

Pretty much, yeah.  That's why I've always saved every one of my emails; particularly the ones that get more controversial.

I'm the kind of person that if I fuck up, I take ownership of it.  But if you try to prove me wrong when I know I'm right...you better watch out.  Just ask my ex-wife.

**u/airzonesama** (315 points)

I learnt that VPO was looking for any excuse to fire TooExpensive, but TooExpensive generally wore a teflon suit to work. Like many other people though, his head switched off as soon as computers and IT became involved.

**u/Carnaxus** (257 points)

That grin was probably mirrored on VPO's face as he read the email chain...TooExpensive got exactly what he was owed.

**u/NES_SNES_N64** (206 points)

I think the best part is where he got to personally lock the account and disable the access card because he's the IT manager.

**u/airzonesama** (195 points)

I had something like this once. It was an old 386 with a bunch of ISA cards in it, MS Dos, and a specific application. The test ran slow though. I got asked to improve it's performance. So after about 9 months or so, I found a suitable 486 motherboard. I mirrored the disk, put the cards in, and it worked. But we soon discovered that since the application was running on a faster CPU, the timing was off and was screwing up the test. I had to restore it to it's previous state.

The engineering manager and I got a rude shock with this result. We realised that even if you had a backup, different hardware can cause the machines to perform differently. We ended up upgrading all the control systems on all these machines over the course of the next few years, to the tune of a few $m.

**u/zxDanKwan** (170 points)

And it's not even like the person calling in really has to even admit any fault. 

It could be passed off as easily as "boss wants me to widen their duties. They do need Z now."

**u/IsaacEiland-Hall** (165 points)

That's even better news that the end of your story with the ass being fired.

...although it was DAMNED satisfactory to read that ending, too. heh

**u/Epos_Metallicus** (161 points)

Honestly, in my mind, this man is Gandalf.

**u/giverous** (160 points)

I imagine you're also the kind of person who, had they received a follow up request afterwards admitting the mistake and requesting the missing permissions, would have set it up with little fanfare or snark.

**u/Kaartmaker** (157 points)

Good story.  For a moment I thought u/Airz was back but no coffee and no mention of keyboards.....

**u/devpsaux** (148 points)

The officer sat with the patrol car idling. The dim glow of his dome light casting a pale glow over his ticket book. As a rookie, he had wondered when the department would replace that lamp, but now, his eyes had become so accustomed to the dark, he didn't even think about it.

He clicked his trusty pen and paused a moment. "When will they ever learn?" He mused. The ink from the pen took to paper like midnight flowing onto a pristine beach. The word that would ruin another drivers night. Speeding.

**u/Furthea** (146 points)

&gt; Job security isn't being the only one with access

My mother had a coworker that had previously worked for a movie theater. He was somewhere middle-high in the internal hierarchy of this theater. He know a lot of small things that really more than one person aught to know but those ranked above him, that were hired after him, and were supposed to know these things (like how to turn off the roof lights,) weren't interested in knowing when he tried to tell them. Then they decided to fire him, decided that his position wasn't necessary, was redundant or something.

You bet he got his sabotage-type vengeance, especially with leaving the electricity-expensive roof lights on. He heard from a couple of people that he was still friends with that they had to bring someone in from outside at $$$ rate just to turn off those roof lights after at least a couple of weeks.

Sadly I think that incident damaged his confidence in job security because he lost that bit of personality that said "more than I should know this." When the owner died at where he and mom worked, he refused to train anyone properly on the computer systems and little things that went with running the vet clinic that he'd been doing for years along side said owner.

**u/aelfric** (139 points)

I have seen more people fired from this idiotic way of doing things. They think it's job security, but really, executive management thinks it's stupid.

You try not to keep stupid people.
