# Your instructions are stupid. I'll keep doing things the way I've always done them. What do you mean I can't open tickets anymore?! And why am I getting charged for it?!

**Sub:** r/talesfromtechsupport  
**Author:** u/pcx226  
**Score:** 8,982  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/6mmzpt/your_instructions_are_stupid_ill_keep_doing/  

---

We have a pretty simple system. You ask for **something** and you get **something**. With me so far? It really is that simple for the user. We have to do some crazy routing on our end depending on what **something** is but that is an entirely different story. 

There is also a big button that say click here if you want **something** for someone else. With a giant red warning underneath that says "Hey if you don't use that big button right above the **something** you ask for will be FOR YOU". 

We even have a ARE YOU SURE YOU DON'T MEAN YOU WANT IT FOR SOMEONE ELSE?  YOU ALREADY HAVE **SOMETHING** if the system detects you already have **something**. 

So enter *user A*. This user supports many other users. The department might get a lot of turn over because every month they get at least 1 new person. Or maybe they're expanding? Who knows not my problem. 

Like clock work the 2nd Monday of every month we get a ticket. "I asked for **something** for new hire but they never got it. Please fix." I'm not kidding. Literally every 2nd Monday of every month for the last year or so. Can you guess what went wrong? Let me give you a hint...it has something to do with someone not using the giant button and not reading the 2 different warnings or popups. 

I had gotten really tired of sending *user A* the same email every month..."Please use the button to ask for **something** for someone else. We'll send ticket over to finance to swap the charges". That email also contains very detailed step by step instructions. The rest of my team had also gotten tired of hearing from *user A* so we decided to not help this time(with manager/director backup). 

We disabled the ability for *user A* to submit tickets. They must call the help desk for tickets now. We also didn't forward the current ticket to finance. We sent *user A* a strongly worded email that basically said "Look you do this EVERY month. We told you HOW to do this the correct way for a year. If you still can't figure it out you're on your own and all these charges will fall on you." Attach the last 12 month's worth of tickets. CC *user A*'s boss. 

*User A* must have not noticed her boss CCed on the email because we get a nasty email back. "WHAT DO YOU MEAN I CAN'T OPEN TICKETS ANYMORE?! AND WHY AM I GETTING CHARGED FOR IT?! DO YOU KNOW WHO I SUPPORT?! YOU WILL FIX THIS NOW OR MY BOSS WILL HEAR ABOUT THIS." Insert other comments about how stupid the system is and how incompetent my team is and other non professional language. Email was also largely in caps. 

We didn't get around to responding until after lunch but as it turns out we don't need to respond anymore. 

*User A*'s boss has apparently responded. "I apologize for the behavior of *user A*. Please don't let her behavior affect the wonderful support you provide to our department. *User B* will now be responsible for interfacing with your team to get **something** for our new hires. Please grant *User B* the permissions *user A* previously had.  I've read through your directions you send *user A* over and tried it out. It worked as expected. *User B* will be using those directions to complete her work. Also please see *ticket #* for terminating *user A*'s network access. 

We killed *user A*'s network account with pleasure.

---

## Top Comments

**u/linus140** (2,607 points)

&gt;Also please see ticket # for terminating user A's network access.

&gt;We killed user A's network account with pleasure. 

User A deserved it. 1,000%.

Happy endings are nice.

**u/AngryCod** (1,721 points)

Well, her boss *did* hear about it.

**u/pcx226** (974 points)

Indeed :]. We always CC user's boss when we send the "stop doing dumb things(in a nice professional way of course)" email. Yet they still seem to think they're in the right and if they told on us to their boss we'd be the ones in "trouble".

**u/pcx226** (716 points)

I too like happy endings. I try to post mostly happy ending stories on here cause we IT have to deal with some really bad endings a lot of the time.

**u/pcx226** (548 points)

Or just other people in general. If we'd all just be nice to eachother...oh well that's a fantasy world that could never happen.

**u/AngryCod** (480 points)

I don't know why people think it's OK to treat coworkers like that.

**u/Martenz05** (386 points)

So, any bets that instead of learning something about professional behavior, User A blamed everything that followed on the help desk "peons" who dared to go over her head and CC her boss?

**u/pcx226** (348 points)

Me: Man life would be so easy without users. Our application would work flawlessly. I could work on all these feature enhancements instead of fixing things users break...

Co-worker: You'd also be out of a job. 

Me: :(

**u/pcx226** (280 points)

Once a narc always a narc so...yeah for sure that is what happened. I'm so waiting for the /r/legaladvice post about how "I was unjustly fired for telling IT how to do their job how do I sue?"

**u/FuzzySAM** (274 points)

&gt;"I was unjustly fired for telling IT how to do ~~their~~ there job how do I sue?"

C'mon, let's be realistic here.

**u/travellingshaman** (272 points)

We tried that in the first version of the matrix, but you wouldn't accept it.

**u/linus140** (239 points)

&gt; we IT have to deal with some really bad endings a lot of the time. 

I've some happy endings. I've had some sad. I've some in the middle and everywhere else. However, I still like the tech world. I despise most users, but I like the tech industry. Damn you users!

**u/Aperture_Kubi** (197 points)

&gt; Also please see ticket # for terminating user A's network access.

And there was much rejoicing.

^^Yay

**u/jjbombadil** (171 points)

I had to terminate a user and it was the best day.  That particular user was a giant ass and deserved to get fired.  The best part is that he was writing an email to the CEO after he was terminated.  It was strongly worded and he was doing it on his company computer.  I got to reset his password and then forcibly reboot the computer while he was typing the letter.  The rage I imagined this person having gave me so much pleasure it was kind of scary.

**u/pcx226** (163 points)

I'm glad that where I work us IT get to tell users to stop being stupid(in a nice professional way). I mean we made design errors. We totally admit to that. Which is why we implemented multiple warnings after we realized it was happening. And published instructions...and held teaching sessions...but alas...you can lead a horse to water but you can't make it drink. Or in this case....http://i.imgur.com/z13Ir1p.gifv

**u/linus140** (148 points)

So sad, but very true realization.

I *do* like users that actually want/try to learn. Or take notes. Or are competent. Basically the unicorns and almost unicorns.

**u/CaspianX2** (147 points)

Awww, isn't that cute? Someone thought the world revolved around them, didn't she? Didn't she? Yes she did! And widdle miss Can't Follow Directions had herself a widdle hissy fit, didn't she? Yes she did! Well, that means it's time for widdle miss Can't Follow Directions to have a time out, doesn't it? Yes it does!

**u/CuvisTheConqueror** (135 points)

&gt;&gt;"I was unjustly fired ~~for telling IT how to do their there job~~ *because the IT department is incompetent and hates me for no reason at all, and also I am a perfect pony princess* how do I sue?"
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; C'mon, let's be realistic here.

As long as we're being realistic.

**u/AttackTribble** (130 points)

I had a unicorn once. When he reported a problem, he'd have noted error messages and steps to reproduce the problem. He'd have also done thorough research and documented it. Often this would lead me right to where the problem was. Sadly his company stopped using our software for one reason or another, and I lost my unicorn. Bye Phil, you are missed.

**u/Zaranthan** (105 points)

I used to work in an elderly community. Many of them would latch onto anything to argue about. One woman would come into the dining room early demanding a cup of coffee. She would leave the cup untouched until the end of the meal, then take your head off because it was "ice cold".

The "spoiled rich brat" is familiar to all of us. People just don't do well without something to struggle for.

**u/Mr_ToDo** (104 points)

I guess that means that they also use the reply all without checking who its all going to.

**u/irysh9** (104 points)

*their

Sorry, I couldn't resist. You basically walked right into that one.

**u/PlayBoater** (102 points)

This.

This story gave me a tiny bit of faith in humanity back, but mostly made me feel really happy.

Thank you, OP!

**u/pcx226** (102 points)

Oh yeah for sure. I typically lump them all together in my good users group that gets their tickets bumped to the top of the queue :] er I mean we at IT don't give special treatment to people. That isn't a thing.

**u/pcx226** (94 points)

Unicorns are the best. I have a few of those I go out of my way to assist if they have issues. One of them is retiring at the end of the year though...hopefully their replacement is just as good.
