# My family is pressuring me to give my (23/F) sister my (28/F) wedding venue because she needs it more and is pregnant. (Re-upload +Updates)

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/paperweightfairy  
**Score:** 47,055  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/cr7dc9/my_family_is_pressuring_me_to_give_my_23f_sister/  

---

*Hi guys I posted this over at relationship advice. My update got removed so I will post the original story, as well as the two updates here as a big all in one story. Sorry for any gramatical and spelling errors. I had uploaded this story one time but it was removed due to my account being "younger" than 120 hours.*

**Edit : people have asked why I post this so much. The reason I just that I want to keep you updated. This is just a comprimed story of all what happened. The story on AITA was removed because it violated rule 8. And the mods on RA informed me that they had to remove it unless I can verify myself with some sort of social media. I just looked for a sub where I can keep all the beautiful people that supported me so much in the loop.**

**Edit 2: Guys i really appreciate you wanting to support us . But we don't need donations! We are luckily good off and have a support net around us. I appreciate the sentiment and am very touched by your support and that all I really need.**

**Also here is**  [The graduation story I promised (New)](https://www.reddit.com/user/paperweightfairy/comments/crfemk/hulk_smash_graduation_cake/)

&amp;#x200B;

# Part 1

My fiancee and I have been together for 8 years and engaged for 3. I was doing my PhD program and was juggling planning the wedding. My fiancee took much of that work, but it was perfect because our dream venue was booked till after my graduation. So what we did is book our dream venue 3 years in advance. It is really a beautiful venue. The only slot we got was September of this year. My sister got engaged a few months ago to her fiancee. They were planning on having a spring wedding next year. They had no venue lined up, but had a few vendors lined up as well as a set date. 

Yesterday our parents invited us and our SO\\\`s to a family bbq, where my sister announced to our extended family, that she is expecting . Everyone was so happy for her and my BIL ( who is a great guy).My Nan asked my sister if the wedding was still on the set date or if they were going to wait, because of the  baby  She said no that she hoped to move it to September.NBD. We don't have many out of town guest so they could attend to both weddings no problem.Nan was happy and asked sister if she needed help planning such a short notice wedding .

My sister then turns around and said\*"Thats what i wanted to talk to you about. I was really really hoping we could kinda like take your venue ? I really can not stress myself too much with planing a wedding while going to maternity classes. And i think it is so beautiful! It would really mean a lot to me"\*.

It went silent. But everyone was looking at me expecting me to say

*"yes of course everything for my little sister !"*. My BIL looked very uncomfortable and told her that they had talked about this and that it was not okay to put me on the spot . But my sister just said " \*Don't be like that! My sister wants to do whats best for me so its no big deal right?"\*I just said " *well it kind of is. I don't know . I have my heart really set on the venue*"Cue the crying. She stormed off.Nan told me that i was being selfish because she needed the venue more than I did.

I tried to defend myself and my mother said " *you waited 3 years. Would it have killed you to wait a few more moths? When has your sister ever asked you for something?*"A few comments later my fiance got really mad and we left. My sister called me crying and said that it was unfair that I always get what I want and that i could have done this one thing for her.  Dad said it is just a venue and what matters is the person who you are marrying. He is kid of right... but we have been planing for so long .

My fiance is furious with my family and doesn't even want my sister to come. Now my family is threatening not to come because I am being selfish and my sister needs it more than me because having a baby is too stressful.

&amp;#x200B;

# Part 2

My BIL called me and apologized for the inconvenience. He told me he had discussed it with my sister and she had told him she would not ask. He is properly mad with her now and warned me that my sister is blaming me for "potentially ruining her marriage".

My father has sent me about 5 text along the lines of"I hope you are happy your sister hasn't stopped crying since yesterday"And so on and so on. My fiance and I have decided to boot my sister from the bridal party and replace her with my aunt who is the only family member that took my side. We have not decided whether or not we will invite my family as a whole.Furthermore my mom took it upon her to tell on us. She called fiancés parents and told them, that it would be best if my sister gets it because she is pregnant and pre-eclampsia runs in the family. Whatever that means.

My future father in law told them to fuck off and basically ripped my Mom a new one for expecting something so ridiculous and that they were going to lose me if they keept playing favorites.So my mom is now crying too and saying that my father in law is an ass.This is just getting so pathetic. It seems straight out of a bad soap opera.My in laws are driving to us currently with some supper and wine and basically told me to not worry and that no matter what happens that they will be my safety net. I cried of happiness

# Part 3

So it hasn't been that long. But this post blew the hell up. I was expecting only a few answers but the support was overwhelming.What boggled my mind is that this story flooded over to mainstream media.But let's get to the story.So since this went viral a lot happened.

**My Sister**

My sister saw this story while browsing on her reddit acc. She lost her mind. She accused me of painting her like a looney and misinterpreting facts. ^((Info: My sister got wind of the situation due to various Media outlets and went on reddit) )

She said that I was being unfair. That she is family and that she asked it nicely because she loves me.She also underlines the fact that the opinion of internet strangers doesn't count because family is more important and I should focus on making my family happy.The only text I sent back was this.

*I am sorry that you percived it that way. I did not in any matter distort what happened. As you might notice I didn't describe your tone nor exaggerated anything. Perhaps you have that night different in your mind than I do, but I digress.*

*I am sick and tired to bending to your will. My whole life I have been your servant and your doormat. Remember all the birthdays I had to share with you because you would throw a tantrum because you didn't get presents? Or when you cried so that I would fill out job applications for you? But the thing that has hurt me most till now is when you ruined my graduation.*

*I am done. I admit that I also spoiled you but I will not any longer. If you want to marry so bad before your baby is born then you could look at \[hotel x\] that offers last minute weddings. I have spent too much time planing MY wedding to gift it to you.And if you want to ruin our relationship over this  then go ahead. I will sleep sound and safe knowing that it wasn't my fault.*

She only sent me a*wow.... You must love me so very much*

And blocked me. She unblocked me this morning to sent me this

[Wedding planner : Hello dear, I got the message from your mother and will proceed with the rebooking of the venue on the spot . However this will have extra costs as we have to change the names on the contract. Please come by my office tommorow so we can sign the new contract.  / Sister: Thats great ! I'll be there at 9!](https://imgur.com/gallery/q9X0Ma1)

**My Parents**My parents haven't actually written me since the thing with my father in law.My older brother ^((yes I have an older brother but he lives in another city and wasn't at the BBQ, that's why I didn't mention him. Plus he initially could not come to the wedding because of work and changed his plans after hearing about all the story))

Contacted me and wanted to know what happened because he got a weird story from mom and dad. *Mom had told him that I had offered previous to the BBQ to give up the venue to my sister and that I humiliated her*

I told him what really happened and he had no problem believing me. We talked a lot about our parents behavior and he confessed that him moving was partly due to our parents being, and I quote, *shit heads* to us.He told me that mom had gotten wind from the post and was mad at me for betraying my family.I haven't written my parents what so many of you adviced me to because I have to come to terms with the fact that they love my sister more than me (if they love me at all)

**The wedding**

We sat together and put passwords with majority of our vendors and also with the venue directly. ^((we didn't talk to our planner yet which is why the text of my sister worries me so much))

Also we canceled the catering that my parents paid for. So short term we won't be able to get a full catering like we wanted to. But all our friends and my fiancés family will help us prepare a buffet (and everyone is going to chip in). That will be our bachelor party. As we will have to spent more on our food now we canceled our bachelor parties and will have a family and friends cooking session.

Thank you again for helping me see how toxic my family is. I will try to sort it out. If they apologize from the bottom of their heart they will be allowed into my wedding but if not... Then well... I still have my brother (who will be walking me down to the aisle) and my aunt.

# Part 4

We called my planner and she was actually really horrified. She told me she never had as much as talked to my mother since the day we went to book the venue. She assured me that even if they were to call and say that I wanted it, I had to be present to make any changes. So we informed everyone that will work for us on our wedding and they offered to hire security for that day at a reduced price

---

## Top Comments

**u/feellikebeingajerk** (6,689 points)

I still find it hilariously sadly ironic that your dad says the venue doesn’t matter but what matters is who you are marrying. If he believed this then he would be saying that to your spoiled brat sister not you! 

Mazel Tov on the upcoming wedding - I hope despite the family drama you are able to enjoy your big day!

**u/votedog** (5,341 points)

Damn, no offense OP but your family sucks. I'm really sorry you're going through this. I hope your wedding is gorgeous and they don't fuck it up.

**u/Icedteaaaaa** (3,317 points)

If OP's sister is reading this, you claim that OP isn't doing this for you despite being family. Ask yourself, have you been doing your part as HER FAMILY? Shes been planning this for 3 years, and you want to just take it away from her. Should FAMILY be doing this?

**u/AppState1981** (3,080 points)

She didn't want that venue. She didn't want YOU to have that venue.

**u/PM_ME_YOUR_AUSSIEPIC** (2,024 points)

Spoiler alert: OP's sister is a piece of shit and probably knows this but doesn't care.

**u/chiitaku** (1,904 points)

If OP is looking to have kids, I bet we'll have a sequel story. These psychopaths need to be dropped like a bad habit.

**u/drunkpunk138** (1,597 points)

The scariest part of this whole thing is knowing your sister will be responsible for raising another human being.

**u/votedog** (1,490 points)

My hope is that OP cuts them from her life. Life is too short for this kind of drama. Family can be whoever you pick, it doesn't have to be the ones you are blood related to.

**u/Ippherita** (1,252 points)

Judging from the text from OP to her sister. The sister wants EVERYTHING good that OP has.

Obviously spoiled.

**u/GenTheWarlock** (1,179 points)

Yeah, i was going to comment this aswell. Theyre all being ridiculous, but her dads comments took the win in my opinion.

**u/nafarafaltootle** (856 points)

Not necessarily. If she has narcissistic tendencies then she might legitimately just straight up not give a second thought to how her actions affect others.
That means that she does not apply the same critical thinking to her actions that she applies to others' actions affecting her. The step is just omitted in the thought sequence in the brain.

Sadly, I know this from experience :(

**u/seawolfie** (637 points)

I feel like such a dick for saying this..... But I've never felt so bad for an unborn baby!

**u/FlyingDutchmansWife** (542 points)

Her sister is going to have a hard time coping with the baby getting more attention! That poor kid. At least it's dad seems to be somewhat sane.

**u/bjiatube** (458 points)

Also wanted to have the "better" wedding to make sure she wasn't upstaged. Getting married first is a thing for a lot of crappy women too.

**u/Momochichi** (455 points)

&gt; "Dad said it is just a venue and what matters is the person who you are marrying. "

"Hey, you're right dad. Say that again, but look that way while you're saying it."

**u/MusenUse_KC21** (450 points)

That poor child, either they will be miserable or grow up just like her. Sweet God.

**u/juswannalurkpls** (444 points)

Me too unfortunately.  Narcs just don’t get it and never will.  

To OP’s sister, you and your parents are really shit people.  The world doesn’t revolve around you.  I hope you read every comment, not because it will make a difference but because it will piss you off.  Your sister will never be controlled by you again.  She’s going to have an awesome wedding in the venue you wanted and there’s not a damn thing you can do about it.  I feel bad that your child is going to have such a toxic mother. 

And remember, karma is a b*tch and will be waiting for you.

**u/battyryder** (423 points)

Can't upvote this cause enough, you really can choose your family.

**u/RedThornx** (387 points)

well damm your sister sounds alot like mine, an entitled pos, look your doing the right thing and your parents agreeing with her is disgusting and your father in law said the truth if they keep acting like this theyll lose u cause u shouldnt put up with people who dont care about u, do let us know how the wedding goes and wish u luck hopefully they wont try and crash it

and look its hard hopefully ully they will apolgise, but if they dont do whats best for u, i cut my sister out of my life after she stole from me and my wife multiple times (plus so much more shit) and honestly it hurt cause she was family but it was best for all of u, still doesn’t change i hope they apolgise

**u/joeyjoeyboboey** (369 points)

What exactly did the text say? Sorry I just can’t read it

**u/TheDongerNeedsFood** (339 points)

So your sister really tried to trick you into believing that she had contacted YOUR wedding planner and that the planner had agreed to transfer the wedding to your sister???  I'm sorry, but this is straight pathological psychosis.  Has your sister ever had a diagnosis of borderline personality disorder or narcissistic personality disorder?  Because what you are describing are the actions of someone who has serious mental issues.

And just to be completely clear, I am not trying to excuse your sister's actions in the slightest.  I am merely trying to point out that if true, this goes beyond your sister simply being a spoiled brat, she seems like someone with a genuine mental pathology.

**u/Cookiedoughjunkie** (329 points)

It's the golden child complex. My mother had it for my little brother. Shat on my sister, REALLY shat on me to spoil that turd who'd do nothing but make her life miserable. But... somehow, she always found a way to blame what he did on (mostly) me and sometimes my sister.  


She bought him a car (well two now) and when he wrecked the first one drinking and driving (also was high off his ass at 16), she just said he must've been so stressed putting up with me. My brother and I didn't talk at all at the time, so the only thing on my mind was "Remember when you kept accusing me of being drunk and a drugaddict despite never touching either.... yeah, this is clearly a double standard" She just paid for his new car, lawyer to get him out of trouble, and then wanted me to help pay for his legal expenses :/ she's a lot like this family in the post. Poor baby can do no wrong. The funny part is she always talked about how her mother did the same with one of her brothers (she had 4 brothers, one sister. 'Jimmy' was the spoiled golden child. Even got to the point where he was dealing drugs, breaking into people's houses and then killed a guy. Her parents sold some of their property to pay for the lawyers to keep him out of jail so many times and then to reduce his murder charge to an accessory to kidnapping somehow. And yet, she doesn't see that she's doing the exact same thing she complained about her parents doing with my brother)

**u/ThroatYogurt69** (316 points)

Her in laws already sound like amazing people.

**u/paperweightfairy** (315 points)

Changed it . You can read the translated version

**u/paperweightfairy** (304 points)

Short version :
She threw a fit because she didn't get in her master Programm. She had a mental break down while my fiance was giving a speech for my accomplishments and started screaming and crying and my dad basically had to leave with her. On their way out my sister stopped crying for a bit only to start again maniacally crying when she saw my cake and smashed her fists into it.
