# "Oh you bought the big house with the indoor pool? Great! Now we can bring our kids over for a swim."

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/shygirlturnedsassy  
**Score:** 41,418  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/dwoey4/oh_you_bought_the_big_house_with_the_indoor_pool/  

---

No bitch. You can't. 


I just bought a house. It has 5 bedrooms, an office, a large basement and an indoor pool. Apart from the usual "why do you need such a big house if you don't have children???" , I've also gotten the comment in the title. 


Most of my neighbors have kids and many of them assumed that I'm going to let their gremlins in so they can swim in my pool. And they have the gall to look offended when I tell them "no, the pool is for me, my boyfriend, my friends and my dogs". 


It also seems to bother them that I keep my gate locked at all times when I'm home because "our kids would love to play in your front yard, you have so much space!". 


I've already installed security cameras and I'm going to place cacti around the boundary wall. Must do all I can to fend off the entitlement invasion.

---

## Top Comments

**u/thelightofmorning** (5,491 points)

Roses are also great boundary enforcers. When I lived in a public housing suburb, my mum had huge-ass roses and we were one of the few who didn't get broken into.

**u/benc3779** (3,849 points)

Just dig a moat around your house and fill it with lava

**u/Lakeland_wanderer** (3,751 points)

Hawthorn and blackthorn make good spiky impenetrable hedges and also attract birds throughout the year. They are much harder to bypass than roses or cacti.

**u/saharajinni** (2,577 points)

Its rude for strangers to assume your stuff is for their use. Who wants the liability issues???

**u/Claudory** (2,232 points)

Trenches are even better

Edit: My first silver! Thank you so much

Edit: Because I hate myself and to say thanks for the Silver... I drew up very rough plans for the defence of the pool, sorry I'm not an artist
https://imgur.com/NLhl5WK

**u/Balawis05** (1,807 points)

Why stop there? Build a moat.

Gators and crocodiles are obvious. Infest the moat with parasitic worms.

**u/Wolvesrfun** (1,636 points)

But they'll put water on it and make obsidian.

**u/brittjen1988** (1,136 points)

Just tell them you fuck in the pool daily.

**u/shygirlturnedsassy** (1,072 points)

Thanks.

**u/skyvalleysalmon** (913 points)

20 years ago, we bought a house with an indoor pool. About a week after we moved in, the doorbell rang, and, lo and behold, there were four kids ranging in age from about 3 to 9 (I am terrible with kids' ages - one was wearing a swim diaper) with all their swimming kit. The oldest one said "PreviousOwner always lets us swim." I had to tell her that I wasn't PreviousOwner and that we wouldn't be opening the pool up to the public." I hadn't even met any of the neighbors yet. For all the parents knew they were sending their kids over to a crazy person. Plus I would have no way to contact the parents if something had happened (had I been so inclined to let stranger minors in my house which I was not). 

Later on, some of the neighborhood kids were playing in my yard. In the US, the homeowner can get sued if anything happens to a kid regardless if the kid is trespassing. To keep them away, one day I went to heavens-above.com and found the schedule for a bright evening Iridium flare. A minute before the flare, I went outside with a handheld mirror and wiggled it around at the sky as if I were signalling making sure to attract the attention of all the kids. They were all looking at the sky with me when the flare occurred. Then I slowly nodded my head as if I had received an answer and walked back into the house. I have no idea what they thought, but the kids did not play in my yard again.

Fortunately, no parents ever showed up.

**u/fahad_the_great** (889 points)

Then make a nether portal

**u/MaddoxX_1996** (869 points)

We need trebuchets too.

**u/shygirlturnedsassy** (864 points)

I'm going to get a sign that says that and hang it on the front door.

**u/xkimberlyrenee** (846 points)

As someone with a kid, I literally could never imagine seeing something someone else had like a yard or pool and thinking "hm, my kid should be able to use that"
How does that even happen in these people's brains?

**u/Raveynfyre** (784 points)

We adopted/ saved a cat from a neighbor who could no longer keep her indoors due to moving in with the owners mother. She had the balls to turn to her kids and say they could come over to our house and visit the cat anytime they wanted to.

I literally watched your neglected cat get chased into the street with oncoming traffic by your wayward toddler while we've been standing here Karen. What on earth makes you think that you can invite your kids over to my house to visit the cat they abused? This cat had never been to a vet, had TWO litters of kittens before she was even 18months old (stunting *her* growth), and didn't even know her own fucking name (she responded to "Kitty" and not "Midnight"). 

She couldn't even identify the cat as having a fucking white spot on her chest (honestly thought the cat was completely black). Not to mention she chucked this cat outside in a predator-heavy area when she had been a mostly indoor cat up to that point. We have **hawks** that would make a meal out of her 6lb self.

Sorry.. I ranted a bit.

Her name is now [Toothless](https://imgur.com/gallery/RCBkQ9R) and she gets all the love she can handle in our home.

Edit: Obligatory thank you for the gold kind stranger!

I posted [another comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/dwoey4/z/f7lhn4r) with tons of pet tax from my 5 fuzzy assholes.

**u/BeBa420** (740 points)

Why would anyone think it’s okay to have their kids play in a strangers home? Or yard even?

**u/MosquitoRevenge** (696 points)

Raspberry bushes too.

**u/Draigdwi** (667 points)

Also who wants the cleaning after them.

**u/bungaboi127** (638 points)

And get MORE demonic crotch goblins? No thank you

**u/MrOsmio7** (586 points)

We need Flammenwerfers

**u/Cantdrownafish** (578 points)

Cameras are completely necessary here. That way, if they overstep, you have a good trespassing claim.

**u/kazhena** (550 points)

And free raspberries!

**u/alma_perdida** (501 points)

I briefly had an issue with my neighbors when I first moved in. They kept letting their dog run around in my backyard, the front yard, and my deck. I was working my ass off breaking my back over the summer getting the property looking like a human lived there (previous residents were old women who couldn't do much in the way of yard work) and it infuriated me that some dick thought it was okay to let his dog shit in my yard. When I confronted them about it, they acted like I was being the unreasonable one. So I got cameras set up around my house and made sure they saw me installing them, and I haven't had much of a problem since.

Some people just lack common sense.

**u/Celestial_Scythe** (501 points)

but then the kids come over for raspberry picking

**u/Gorione** (488 points)

*We can't come to the door, busy banging in the pool*
