# My Parents Found Out That I Have Money, Wants Me To Give It all To Them

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/Felsix  
**Score:** 32,707  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/att7g5/my_parents_found_out_that_i_have_money_wants_me/  

---

I made this account just to post this cause they wont stop bugging me.

Backstory: So my parents disowned me for being an Athiest (my family is very religious, they will lock at you like trash if you say you dont believe in a god). They kicked me out and didn't supported me thru college my last year of college, and I havent spoken to them for almost 3 years now. 

Just a few weeks ago I got word from my cousin that my little sister got hospitalized due to dengue so I went to visit her when she was about to be discharged. When I got there it was just my sister in the room. I asked where my parents were and she said that they were trying to raise funds for the hospital bill. Turns out my parents medical insurance didnt covered most of the hospital bill and left a large out of pocket (around 26,000 philipine pesos, if there are any filipinos out there you know is this a large amount already). Fortunately I was able to save up alot of the past year. So I went ahead and paid for it. When my parents came back I told them its already been paid for and that we're just waiting for the discharge orders. The first questions they ask is why was I there and where did I got the money from. I explained my our cousin told me what happened and that I was saving money for my little sister's college. They didnt even thanked me and the next question they asked is how much money I have saved. I didnt gave them the amount but they insisted I should give it to them since my sister is living with them. I told them no and that I will give it to my sister personally once she enters college (its her last year of high school). That wasnt good enough for them, they keep saying "they need the money" but wont even specify what the money would be for. I still didnt budge. A week pasted and they still dont stop bugging me, calling me ungreatful to them as my parent so on and so fort, even asking my girlfriend to have her talk to me about giving them the money.

Edit: Okay.. Wow.. I really didnt thought this would get much attention I really just want to vent off some steam by sharing this. Thanks for the advices, reddit silver, gold and platinum

---

## Top Comments

**u/DoggyDogLife** (8,024 points)

You're a good person for thinking of your sister's future. Don't let them have that money! If you think your sister might not be able to resist your parents, pay for her college expenses directly.

**u/hardacttofollow** (3,769 points)

'No' is a complete sentence my dude. Resume ignoring them.

You're lovely for saving to help her go to college, and for paying her medical costs. 
Save it, and pay it directly to the school when she needs it. 

*Edit grammar

**u/stereofeathers** (3,491 points)

“Sorry, I just asked and my money is atheist too...”

**u/Synjaqt** (2,006 points)

Listen to this person, OP!

**u/YeetasaurusRex1221** (1,476 points)

You should say no because you disowned me

**u/simpson_hey** (1,336 points)

It must blow their minds that their god answered their prayers for money, by sending an atheist.

**u/Tantilating** (1,104 points)

“No is a complete sentence” 

Thank you for my new favorite saying :)

**u/lElementsl** (993 points)

Listen to this person that said listen do this person OP

**u/CP_Creations** (845 points)

This money is for atheists only.

**u/1mboredletstalk** (582 points)

As a filipino, I feel kinda annoyed at the fact that the older siblings are almost always expected to get their younger siblings through college or help pay for a large part of it. But still, you're doing good op. Hayaan mo sila. Pera mo naman parin yan.

**u/MusenUse_KC21** (548 points)

Man, I bet God is shaking his head at them. Greed is a sin and them trying to weasel money out of their own son, disowned or not is probably a big no-no to the big guy.

**u/decearing-eggs** (500 points)

Listen to this person that said listen to this person that said listen to this person OP 

(Let’s see how long this can get in the meantime)

**u/CatLover_42** (394 points)

Lol

**u/AkimboGlueGuns** (389 points)

That's really shitty. If it were me I'd keep ties cut and maybe once they realize they've fucked up they'll come to to you sincerely. Hope everything works out OP.

**u/Suchislife420** (340 points)

Listen to this person that said listen to this person that said listen to this person that said listen to this person OP 
(This hurts my brain)

**u/BasilTheTimeLord** (306 points)

In a strange turn of events, the parents end up burning their bible to have the money

**u/lwiayno** (276 points)

Listen to this person that said listen to this person who said listen to this person who said listen to this person who said listen to this person OP

Ps sorry to make it longer if u r the next person and ur finger hurts
Ps2 this got far oml

**u/A_Frantic_Boi** (230 points)

Listen to this person that said listen to this person that said listen to this person who said listen to this person who said listen to this person who said listen to this person OP

**u/FriendlyPyre** (224 points)

OP, hang on to the money. My mother had a scholarship when she was in uni but her family used the money to pay for her older brother's uni fees; in fact it would be better if you paid the school directly to prevent your parents from grabbing the money.

**u/Medraut_Orthon** (214 points)

You trying to get the sister disowned?

**u/Moneyw9k** (210 points)

Listen to this person that said listen to this person that said listen to this person that said listen to this person that said listen to this person that said listen to this person that said listen to this person that said listen to this person that said listen to this person OP

**u/mechatech1** (203 points)

Listen to this person that said listen to this person that said listen to this person who said listen to this person who said listen to this person who said listen to this person who said listen to this person OP

**u/Fishsticks03** (200 points)

Listen to this person that said listen to this person that said listen to this person that said listen to this person who said listen to this person who said listen to this person who said listen to this person who said listen to this person OP

**u/fa1afel** (171 points)

I mean, given who the parents are, it can't be that bad to be disowned by them can it?

**u/wild-west** (160 points)

Also, “DID I STUTTER?”
