# EK sexually assaults my daughter. Finds out the hard way she's been taught to take care of herself.

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/random3177  
**Score:** 26,962  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bc2jls/ek_sexually_assaults_my_daughter_finds_out_the/  

---

So this is my second story. Little background im a Iraqi war vet and I believe in teaching the women and girls in my life to defend themselves with impunity. So at the very young age of 4 I have been teaching my child to defend herself. 

Story time:
Im at work one day and I get this call from my daughters school. I go out side to answer the phone and the convo goes like this

(Cast) 
Me: Terminator
P: principal

P: Hello Terminator i need you to come pick up baby Terminator

Me: Can I ask what this is about?

P: Yes your child has been in a fight and needs to leave the school premise

Me: What do you mean she's been in a fight? What happened? I mean she wouldnt just pick a fight

P: Well from what we can tell EK was running up behind her and grabing her butt. She apparently warned him to stop and when he wouldnt knocked him out cold

Me: So im confused what is happening to the boy then?

P: Well your daughter seems to be the aggressor and we need her to leave and she is gonna be suspended

Now my child at the time lived with my ex-wife and i had heard from thr ex that my kid was having an issue with this boy for a while now and I knew my daughter had gone through many times telling on him to no resolve. I also knew that he had been told many times by teachers to stop and hadn't. 

Me: Wait so nothing is gonna happen to the boy who has been sexually assaulting my daughter for X amount of time?

P: Well Mr. Terminator she did strike him once and knocked him out. She needs to learn violence is not the answer. She needed to bring it up to the attention of a teacher. 

Me: Ok so what I am hearing is your school is saying its ok the sexually assault a girl and that the girl in question needs to just be a victim of assault over and over again or be punished. Is that about the jist of it.

Now i hear silence as the principal mulls over what I have just said. I can tell they are trying to justify this weak tea bullshit. I compose my self.

Me: So heres whats gonna happen next. You can either punish both or punish nonr of them. Because i promise you the last thing you want is me in my dress A's and tv reporters showing up and blasting your whole school over this. Now I can understand that her punching this brat is unacceptable. But what I will not take and niether will she is him not being punished as well. Do i make my self clear.

P: (silence)

Me: Also why are you calling me and not her mother?

P: Well Mr. Terminator she told us to call you. 

Me: You listen to me and listen good. I swear to you and God i will not put up with this. I demeand a meeting with you, her teacher and this boys family. If I cant make it my ex wife will. If this isn't resolved to my liking I will bring a holy hell upon this whole stick house youve built. Do you understand me?

P: Yes sir

Me: Good. Call my ex let her know the time and date. We will cordinate from there

I hang up and call my ex. She agrees with me and I go back to work. About a work week later there is a meeting but unfortunately I have work and my ex has to go in for me. From what I am told this boys family tries to play it off as "boys will be boys" and tries to get my daughter expelled. There are times when I remember why I married my ex and this is one of them. She proceeds to tell them that the last thing any of them want is me to get more involved than i already have and that if i have too i will bring it all burning down. Every brick. 

Out come was both were suspended for 4 days and the boy moved to a different class. And I never got a call like that again. 

Moral of the story my kids a bad ass and got a cake for sticking up for her self and a lot of love on both ends of me and my ex.

Edit: Sorry for not being clear. She was 7 and a half at the time of the incident.

Edit 2: For those who dont believe me thats fine. I have nothing to prove or answer for on reddit of all places. Believe me or not. Call me names or don't. I didn't write this for upvotes, gold, or silver. I wanted to brag about my kid doing what i thought was the right thing.

---

## Top Comments

**u/kissxsleep** (5,480 points)

Good on you both. I hate the "boys will be boys" phrase being used to justify terrible things. That's something you say when your son comes in covered in mud holding a jar of worms. That's ***NOT*** something you say when he's been copping a feel on an unwilling girl.

EDIT: Some of the comments have me concerned people missed the word ***NOT***. So I've fixed that to make it more apparent. Once more for the people in the back, ***this phrase should NOT be used to justify sexual assault*****.**

**u/SoupmanBob** (1,858 points)

"Here's a heaping pile of consequences for what your son did.", "BoYS WilL bE bOys"

**u/NeenjaFeesh** (1,737 points)

That is awesome! Your daughter is a badass for knocking that brat out! Good for her for defending herself!

**u/ImNotABot111** (1,731 points)

"Your son just murdered hundreds of people"
 "BoYs WiLl Be BoYs"

Edit: wow this is my most liked thing on reddit!

**u/jakeygaming1002** (1,134 points)

"your son has killed half of all life in the universe" bOiI1s wI1Ll bE bOYs

**u/random3177** (984 points)

I was so proud of her. And with one punch too.

**u/JustanOldBabyBoomer** (744 points)

YAY for your daughter!!!  That little EB deserved to get knocked out!  Maybe now he'll think twice before sexually assaulting anyone ever again!

**u/lukeluck101** (738 points)

Does she do 100 press ups, 100 sit ups, 100 squats, and run 10km every single day though?

**u/Derangedsniper** (688 points)

Honestly love how even though you guys divorced  for whatever reason you guys reigned hell upon this school together for your daughter getting assaulted , props to you bro

**u/zhyeo** (592 points)

r/thanosdidnothingwrong

**u/random3177** (476 points)

Not that I know of lol. But she just started track

**u/jakeygaming1002** (450 points)

r/ThanosDidHisBest

**u/random3177** (440 points)

Hey we figure we may not like each other all the time but doesnt me we dont care and can be there for the other.

**u/BrownSugarBare** (265 points)

That principal needs a right kick in the arse. "We don't condone violence". So what the fuck, you condone sexual assault? Where the hell you going with this??

**u/The_Unreal** (246 points)

Oh no, you need a necromancer with a law degree to depose a corpse.

**u/Lauchsuppedelux** (244 points)

Just in case, a corpse is best deposed as fish bait

**u/Bishop0420** (224 points)

I'm picturing thanos laying on a rocking wearing Arthur Morgan's hat just watching the sun set for some reason

**u/random3177** (220 points)

Oh dont get me wrong in the beginning there were. But when some one attacks baby bear you'll get the heat on both ends lol.

**u/mikey1779** (204 points)

That's dumb that the school only wanted to suspend the girl for defending herself and not the boy for sexual assault

**u/Derangedsniper** (168 points)

Of course! I dont have divorced parents so idrk what its like but im happy that theres no grudges or hard feelings between some parents

**u/xdragonteethstory** (168 points)

At a wedding a few years ago my 8 year old cousin was collecting slugs on one of the outdoor tables.

Some random family friend/auntie figure said she shouldn't because girls arnt supposed to touch dirty things.

Guess who went home with a bag full of slugs 😂

**u/MazenFire2099** (161 points)

You’re not alone. Except I imagined a golden retriever that has purple fur too.


*a purple retriever*

**u/Teknikal_Domain** (154 points)

As someone who's gone K-12 in public schools:

Disclaimer: I'm in no way defending them. Just attempting to find the logic path

The girl committed *actual violence,* (EDIT: their definition of "actual violence" is pretty narrow. If there's physical injury, bloodshed, or punches thrown, it's violence. Otherwise, it's not.) and therefore, via school policy, requires discipline. Especially in the schools I went to with "zero tolerance" bullshit, she'd be given a hearty boot out the door without a second thought.

The boy, on the other hand, according to school, *might* have sexually assaulted her, or it *might* have been an accident, or *maybe* he didn't know any better, there's "too many unknowns" to discipline him, where the self-defense act was in no way, shape, or form, accidental.

Plus, account for what I've named the Rule of Second Action: only the **second** action gets noticed. You get hit, you get caught hitting back. Your friend yells, you get shushed for asking him to can it.

And according to most public schools, violence is met with violence, nonviolence is met with nonviolence, never the twain shall mix. So in their eyes, girl commits a violent act, but with no record of *another* violent act, she had to be the aggressor because nobody punches someone unless they were punched first, right?

Again, not defending. Just think I can explain how they arrived at that conclusion, despite being incorrect on every level.

**u/Diplodocus114** (149 points)

Haha - the mud and the worms brings up a perfect image of me age 6. "Girls will be girls"

**u/veggiezombie1** (129 points)

Even the fucking slugs try to kill you?! WTF how can anyone even live in Australia with the whole damn place out to get you?!
