# I witnessed EM getting destroyed

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/WhatTheHell431  
**Score:** 26,489  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/c7pzdh/i_witnessed_em_getting_destroyed/  

---

I saw this today and I can't stop laughing 

I was traveling in my city metro. It wasn't that much crowded at that time, but all the seats were occupied. Still, you could freely stand without being humped by a stranger. 

There was this kid sitting in the reserved seats( the ones for people with handicaps, pregnant women and old people, definitely not for moms of 2 year olds). He was probably 14 or 15,idk. He is the hero of the story here

Then at one stop, our EM comes in. She has this cute little child who was trying to keep up with his mom's pace.  

EM instantly sees our hero sitting at the reserved seat and just stares at him. I guess this was her way to make people automatically give away their seats or something. The kid didn't move though. This probably irked EM a lot I guess, cause she moved towards the kid with heavy steps. 

She comes near him, stop and again does the stare. The kid doesn't budge. 

Then she starts screaming. If she didn't have the whole compartments attention earlier she had it now. She starts berating the kid for sitting in a reserved seat and not giving it for someone more deserving like a mother like herself with a young kid (idk what her logic was. The seats aren't reserved for them anyways). She just keeps shouting and screaming and tries to get others opinion on it and for a while people were on her side. 

Then the kid, out of nowhere, rolls right side of his jeans up and detaches the artificial leg and keeps it infront of EM. 

The look on her face was priceless. It looked like she was mortified and embarrassed at the same time. She just backed away silently. And just got off on the next stop. I don't think that was her stop.

---

## Top Comments

**u/BadBatteur** (5,731 points)

as someone who's disabled, that's the kind of shit i hate, fuck people who are like that.

major props to the kid tho, just silent destruction.

edit: jesus, y'all seem to like that, ok. and thanks for the silver!

if anyone else is here with an invisible disability like me and can't do dope shit like that, i think maybe just threatening to throw up and pass out may work to get them to fuck off. i hope :P

**u/jhutch2147** (2,330 points)

This....is....awesome

I want to meet this hero and shake his hand

**u/Autumnesia** (1,406 points)

I love this story, the kid in the story, and the fact that he pulled the ultimate move, but I HATE the fact that Karen doesn't know she was wrong either way. If she learns from this to think her actions through, great. I'd hate for it to be twisted in her head to something like "That boy was so rude for not telling me earlier about his leg and embarrassing me, these kids are supposed to let mothers with young children sit!"

**u/throwawayacc97n5** (773 points)

Omg my Dad is an amputee and has done this before and it's such an amazing way to shut assholes up!

A funny story that's kind of related is that once he was on a private plane with his friends (all stuntmen) and the stewardess was asking them if they got injured in their jobs often, and in response my dad took off his prosthetic leg and kind of tossed it towards her and the poor lady was so frightened she screamed and jumped.

I often get the stink eye for sitting in the reserved seats on the metro or the bus because I look young and healthy but I'm actually disabled due to issues with my spine, spinal cord, nerves and leg but you can't really tell from looking at me. A lot of disabled people don't outwardly present as disabled so it's best to approach people kindly and not assume the worst of them.

Edit: the stewardess had been joking around with them earlier and wasn't angry at my Dad incase that wasn't clear, she ended up having a good laugh with everyone. I realized that I forgot to mention that in my original comment.

**u/Dishonours** (718 points)

He’s breathtaking

**u/Silverfox1996** (556 points)

It’s a Karen, you know she’s not gonna learn anything

**u/TheShyDragon** (538 points)

No you're breathtaking

**u/manderifffic** (514 points)

He has definitely dealt with a Karen or 20 in his time

**u/inigoing** (434 points)

\#youareallbreathtaking

**u/0180ethan** (390 points)

#WeAreBreathtaking

**u/Gmax100** (332 points)

Just remove your spine and shove it in their face.

/s

P.S. Your dad is cool

**u/tsukiyomi01** (282 points)

Honestly, I'm surprised she was capable of feeling that much shame/embarrassment.  I may read Reddit too much, but I was half-expecting her to double down on the yelling or outright try to rip the prosthetic off...

**u/CharmedKayy** (232 points)

Does Keanu have a sub yet? I think he deserves one

**u/kifferella** (229 points)

Some dude came up to me at a Canadian tire and was like, "You just parked in a handicapped spot!?"

I pointed at the placard on my dash. Yup!?

And he said, "The handicapped person has to be WITH THE VEHICLE!!"

Now, after the fact, I got it. He thought I was using granny's placard. It happens, I'm sure. But at the time? WOOSH. 

I had gone out alone. My car was empty. I just cocked my head like a goofy puppy from side to side. Looking at the car... at him... back at the car....

"But... but... if I stayed with the car... how would I get my windshield wipers??" 

For the life of me I thought he meant I had to stay in/with the car, which was a new flex to me because wtf... 

And he did the same goofy puppy thing right back at me and then it suddenly clicked for both of us and he turned very pink and ran away. 

Dumbass. (Prolly both of us lol)

**u/king_noodle_the_sad** (219 points)

they had us in the first half, not gonna lie

**u/everyonesmom2** (219 points)

Give it to my son RiGht now. He's been good. Has straight As and it's his birthday. Also Christmas cancer.

**u/can_i_reddit_too** (192 points)

EM must be terrible at arguing. He didn't even have a leg to stand on, and he still won.

**u/Geriato** (161 points)

r/keanubeingawesome

**u/DiamondGokan** (149 points)

i wanted to see the em's face

**u/Tobito_TV** (131 points)

Oh dear lord. That is the best destruction of an EM I have ever read about. That kid is an absolute hero.

**u/Son_Of_Tater** (126 points)

Karma is a bitch huh

**u/MercuryMadHatter** (123 points)

This reason is why I don't use a lot of handicap spaces, even though I'm partial disabled and qualify. You can't see my injury, and unless I'm having a bad day and need my cane, you wouldn't know how much it hurts for me to stand on a metro. And I can't use the cane all the time, or else I'll never be able to not use it. 

People stare all the time if I have the cane anyways. I think it's because I'm younger than most people who would need one. I just wish people would chill.

**u/tjbassoon** (123 points)

And there are plenty of invisible disabilities that you couldn't just pull off your leg to show some entitled jackass. Someone sitting there might have fibromyalgia, a fused spine, sight insufficiency (not enough for a service dog or a cane but still significant enough to effect what you are able to see), or any other number of things.

**u/Elite1221** (114 points)

Don’t judge a person by his looks

**u/Atypical_Mom** (112 points)

Ah, Christmas cancer - the holly jolly-ist of all the cancers (and therefore the most deserving)
