# I am the CEO

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/Thatonerandomduck  
**Score:** 26,181  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/avs6lc/i_am_the_ceo/  

---

Bear with me here people, I'm on mobile.


About a year ago, I was running a small video game tournament in the small company I owned. The wait list had a full list of 16 people, and it was fine until one person ruined it for all.

EP: take a guess 
EK: yea
Me: lmao

So we were starting up the games when a dad ran in to the store with his son.


EP: were here for the tournament

Me: oh sorry, but the list is full. 

EP : well then, make some room.

Me: I cant do tha-

EP: listen, I can get you fired with the push of a button.

Me: how?

EP: I have been friends with the CEO of this company for a long time.

Me: then call him.

I watch him make a fake phone call then hang up.

EP: he says your fired.

Me: that's funny, considering I am the CEO.

EP's look of shock still makes me laugh to this day.

---

## Top Comments

**u/twirlinlight** (5,552 points)

I will never understand why people still try to use that excuse, it never works, you’d think they’d realise their own stupidity

**u/Thatonerandomduck** (3,973 points)

Lmao as soon as he said he could get me fired I'm like mhm

**u/SpidgetFinner360** (1,858 points)

Thatonerandomduck: “That’s funny considering I am the CEO”

At this moment, EP knew, they fucked up.

**u/robdouth** (1,400 points)

Bold move Cotton! Let's see how this works out.

**u/BabserellaWT** (1,269 points)

&gt; He says you’re fired

Like — I shudder to think if this has actually worked on anyone.

**u/IWAlcatraz** (1,238 points)

&gt;OP: that’s funny, considering I am the CEO.

&gt;ED: *Record scratch * *Freeze Frame * 
“Whoa whoa! You see that guy right there? Looks like he’s hit rock bottom. Well that guy is actually me. Now I bet you are wondering how I got in this wacky situation? It all started in the summer of 86”


Edit 3/5/19: Thank you kind stranger for the gold, I was feeling a bit depressed today and you made my day. 😄

**u/Thatonerandomduck** (856 points)

That look of shock cured the worlds depression lmao

**u/SapphireClawe** (534 points)

It would have been funnier if you two were friends, but didn't recognize each other, and he DID call you.

**u/chrisVS83** (377 points)

You should have said something like, "you must have called the wrong number because my phone didnt ring"

**u/Corgibuttz_** (373 points)

"well if I'm fired I guess I'm not running this video game tourniment, so there's nothing I can do to help your son....

OK!  Everyone get ready for the first round!"  *walk away*

**u/brendaburkemper** (295 points)

Ooh, right in the beak!!

**u/Thatonerandomduck** (289 points)

True, but I've never seen this guy

**u/Thatonerandomduck** (256 points)

I have another entitled parent story to put on here if anyone wants me to

**u/bombon-cherry-bomb** (242 points)

Or "Oh I'm fired? I just called your wife on my banana phone, she said you're divorced."

**u/ibutterflyaway** (214 points)

It’s from the movie Dodgeball and it’s hella funny lol

**u/theroadlesstraveledd** (154 points)

What’s cotton mean?

**u/PhantomGeass** (152 points)

I hypothesis the odds of it are quite low.

**u/maxipes_fik** (147 points)

Then how am i still depressed :(

**u/Qwesa1** (129 points)

*dad

**u/aManPerson** (123 points)

you should have let him keep digging.  say you wanted to hear it from the CEO before you'd acknowledge it.

**u/SaltySac710** (119 points)

My CHIlD DesErVES ThOSE stoRIES, hE HAs GoOD GrAdes!

**u/Abstract_Blurr** (105 points)

Tbh this is funnier than the actual post

**u/rickymorty** (92 points)

You had to be awake at the time it happened; you must've been sleeping...

Shame, better luck next time

**u/mane_mariah** (86 points)

Then what happens? “Oh okay Ill just leave now?” You are still not going to get what you want, that person is not going to help you at all now that EP “fired” them.

**u/koolaidman486** (81 points)

Dewit
