# EP: Wake your kid so my boy can have her toy

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/onebigfluffypillow  
**Score:** 25,878  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/amnsx9/ep_wake_your_kid_so_my_boy_can_have_her_toy/  

---

Edited into paragraphs. Sorry for the initial text block guys. 

Note: I‘m German so this is translated. This also happened a month back and I‘m recalling the events. Long story, bear with me, you will be shaking your heads. 

I‘m a 21yo female babysitter and I have this girl (let’s call her Mia) whom I watch at least once a week plus whenever the parents ask me to help out. Mia is 8 now and I started babysitting her when she was four months, yes, I was 14 at the time. The family is great and Mia is a really really easy kid. We are like sisters. 

I never rose my rate so keep in mind that I have been working for 1,50€ (about $1.70) per hour for roughly eight years. And could expect a 20€ ($24) giftcard for both my birthday and Christmas. I‘m a babysitter for fun not for money and I‘m true to that. What I earn just about covers expenses, I have an actual job that’s paying for my life after all. 

When Mia is with me for an entire Saturday, we go on daytrips. She loves shopping and sightseeing so I mostly take her around to bigger cities. This is where this story starts. 

We are on the bus on an hour drive to the next bigger city. Taking the car meant stress for me as I don’t like driving and the train was more expensive. Though both would have been a 30/40mins ride, Mia and I like to go by bus. This private bus company has perks, on this particular day I paid 10€ ($12) for a return ticket, Mia being under 10yo went for free. Plus they wait for you on the way back (but causing delays results in fees).

Anyway, we are on the bus and per usual, I brought my old Nintendo DSi for her to play with. I can do whatever, she plays happily, it’s a win. Until this entitled mom (EM) and her 10yo boy come along. 

They take the seats right behind ours. No problem, right? Wrong. 
It doesn’t take long for the boy to notice the console and the racing game Mia was somewhat fixed on.

Boy to EM: Mom, I want to play!

EM: Well, go ahead.

I thought he would like get our attention and ask nicely. Nope. The boy jumps up from his seat, reaches over Mia‘s lean and tries to snatch the game from above. 
He gets hold of it for a moment but the hand strap stops him. 
I made sure Mia’s wrist was fine and the game not broken from the rough move then I turn around, stopping the boy from another attempt. 

Me: Young man, that wasn’t nice.

EM: He just wants to play. Let him play, too.

Me: Teach your child to ask properly and I will consider.

EM: Don’t tell me how to parent, kid!

Boy: Mom, I want that game!

EM: In a minute, sweety.

Me: No. It’s not yours and I‘m asking you to leave us alone. 

I sit back down, hoping to have heard the end of it. Way wrong. 
Mia‘s seat shakes a few times. The boy is kicking her seat. She asks him to stop, he continues. I warn the mom I would tell the drivers (there are always two on one bus, just in case).

EM: He is bored. Give him the game and he will stop. 

I immediately get up, quickly help Mia change into another row then go to the front and explain the situation when I hear Mia yelling. 

Mia: Let go!

I turn around, this boy has one hand on the game and the other pulling her hair. 
EM is smirking in satisfaction as the boy rips the hand sling off Mia and returns into his seat, holding the game. 

I immediately storm at him and grab it back without a word. He starts crying and screaming loudly. I don’t care. It’s 8am, this was supposed to be a happy girls day out. Now I had Mia in tears and a bratty son with his entitled mom on my hands. 

EM: You give that back right now! My son was playing it!

Bus driver two comes to our rescue, practically pushed the woman and her son into the last row, asking us to take seats up front to separate us as far as possible. 

EM was advised to use some common sense that this was not her game and thus not hers to decide over. 
I didn’t quite listen any more but heard something from the lines of

EM: My son only wanted to try the game, these girls were unfairly rude to him! I demand an apology. 

I hide my hand and give her the finger. Not that EM could see. Mia snickers. Whoops. My bad. Mia saw. But Mia was already smiling and starting the game again. 

Fast forward to the end of a successful shopping spree. 

We were signed for the last bus back, 7pm departure, and ten minutes early. I let Mia choose the seats as per usual. Pretty much up front. 

There were two other couples waiting already and a third arriving with us. All seemed fine until the driver (I noticed it were the same drivers again) announced we couldn’t leave. Two people were missing but they would call them to either hurry to the bus or decline their seats. It would just be a few more minutes. 

Or not. We had to wait for them. Company policy. 
7:35pm my nightmare comes true. EM and son walk up to the bus, not hurrying at all, ice cream cones in hand. 
No messy food on the bus. They have to finish outside. Again not hurrying in any way. 

7:45pm. Headcount. We can finally drive back. Everyone on board is annoyed by the delay. EM and son probably took the seats in the other isle yet right behind us on purpose but I wasn’t going to say anything yet. Lesson learned, I hoped. 

Bus driver two was driving now. Driver one (DO) comes up to the mom. 

DO: M‘am, sorry to bother you, but you caused a 45 minutes delay and according to our terms and conditions, the company will fine you for that. 

EM: Fine me? What, for a few minutes? No way. I was told there would be a ride home waiting for us and that’s it. 

DO: I‘m sorry, but you knew that beforehand. It is in our ts&amp;cs. 

EM: No one told me that.

DO: You agreed to it, m‘am. The company will mail you everything, I need your ID please. 

EM: No. 

DO: I‘m afraid I will have to involve police then. 
He goes back into his seat. 

The boy shows up next to me. 

Boy: I want that game.

Me: I told you no this morning. It’s still no. 

He pulls a sad face but goes back to his mom. 
It’s semi dark outside, Mia is lying spread over her seat and my lab. Not that I cared, she was tired and I expected her to fall asleep while playing. And she did, face buried in my jacket that she had folded like a pillow on my lab. 
I turn the game off but with the sling on Mia’s wrist, I can’t put it away. 

EM suddenly hovers above me. 

EM: She is done playing. 

Me: So?

EM: My son can play now. 

Me: No, he can’t. It’s my game. 

EM: Come on, just give it to him. He wants it and you are too old for it anyway. 

Me: I don’t care, it’s my game. I said no so please leave me alone now. 

EM: What gives you the right?!

She’s practically yelling. I‘m worried she might wake Mia and that I could end up with a cranky tired child. 

Me: I own it. Do me a favor and don‘t wake her.

EM: She is asleep she doesn’t need the game now!

Me: M‘am, the game is tied to her wrist, I would have to wake her to get it and in any way, I would be playing then. Not your son. It is my game and if I have to tell you again, I will ask the drivers for help. You know I‘ll do it. 

Driver one turns around to us, giving her a stern look. I figured he was listening. 
EM and son moved a few rows back. I thought she was defeated. Again I was wrong. 

A few minutes later, I was occupied with my phone, texting back and forth with a friend. I wasn’t paying attention to anything else but watching Mia didn’t fall off the seats whenever she moved. 

I didn’t think much of the tiny hand on my leg at first since Mia’s left arm was somewhere around there. 

Then Mia shoots up with an eardrum shattering scream. I nearly drop my phone in shock. 
There is the boy right between my legs. He had crawled up under our seats from behind to come up and probably try to snatch the game. That was his hand on my leg. And Mia had woken up to him staring right into her face mere centimeters away. 

The driver was cool enough not to cause an accident due to the scream but stopped the bus as soon as he could. 

Both drivers were furious. The boy was crying. EM is screaming at Mia and I for making him cry. All while I‘m unable to grasp the situation for a moment, holding the shaking 8yo. 

A man from the other couples gets up and manages to somehow silence the situation entirely.

EM: This selfish girl scared my baby! She purposely screamed right into his face!

DO: M‘am, why was your son underneath her seat?

EM: I want this girl off the bus now!

DT (driver two): M‘am please answer the question. Why wasn’t your son seated?

EM: He is a good child, he can do whatever he want!

Boy in tears: I want the game, mommy!

EM towards me: You owe my child that game now, bi*ch!

I ignored the insult. I had to calm Mia, trying not to explode in anger myself. I was so mad, I wanted to punch something. 

The boy tried to reach for the game again. I had had it with him. Admittedly, I didn’t want to push him away as hard as I did and I know I shouldn’t have pushed him back at all but since he only fell against his mother, I couldn’t have cared less. 

I got up, face bright red, taking deep breaths as to not completely losing it. 

Me: You listen here kid, don’t you dare to touch us or our game again! 

EM: You hurt my baby!

Me: You better be glad he is underage, m‘am, otherwise he would be facing charges now. Multiple attempts to steal my game, for starters. And the way he crawled up beneath us, I could probably make a sexual assault out of that. Also, child protective services would be very interested to learn you even encouraged your son.

Yes, I could have done that with him underage but let’s be honest, he was probably the victim of this woman’s miserable parental guidance. And I wasn’t going to ruin his life more though then and there I very much wanted to. 

EM: You have no right to talk to me like that! Your brat made my baby cry, you owe him that game now, he deserves it! He is a good kid!

She wanted to get past me herself now. Behind me, Mia still had the game. I didn’t care for the game itself anymore but she would probably hurt Mia trying to take it.

Now, I‘m 5'9" and roughly 70kg. I’m one straight noodle and I really don’t look like much. But I‘m the only girl on an all male rugby team. I take on guys bigger and older than her. And Mia knows that, she has seen me play. 

Mia: Do your trick!

My trick. I can throw people over out of a stand pretty bad. That’s my standard move. But I couldn’t do that now. I had already overreacted pushing the boy. 

Both drivers and the man held the woman back. She was screaming and trashing around, throwing punches and insults all over while demanding I gave her son that game. 

The two other men came to help taming her. 
It took a while until she gave in and sat down. 

Finally, I thought once more, we could get home. I had already told Mia’s mom that we would be back late due to delay but nothing more since our departure. 

So I have Mia huddled over the seats again, shaking, but sunken into the game again and I take my phone out to let her mom now we would be even later. 

That’s when I hear EM whisper into her phone. She is obviously telling police some story about a stolen toy, child abuse, being threatened and cornered by several men and being too scared to ask for an early drop-off somewhere around. 
She was absolutely exaggerating and presenting her own twisted version of the story. 

I asked Mia to let me up and I go to tell the drivers. They looked mortified to say the least and contacted police and their office themselves as well. 

Now I had to type that out for Mia’s mom as short as possible, I didn’t want her to freak about police at the drop off since she was coming to pick us up. 

Fast forward 45 mins later. Eight cops are waiting for us, an ambulance, Mia’s mom who seemed to have introduced herself to police already along with some elderly man - who was there to pick up one of the couples. 

Mia is happy again, which I was overly thankful for. I was scared dead for this to have some traumatic impact on her. It could have been partly my fault for exploding. She had never really been in trouble hence had never seen me mad.
Mia runs up to her mom, I follow with our shopping bag. 

EM and son are questioned separately in the ambulance, the rest of us has to answer questions as well. The drivers back us up with the bus surveillance cameras. 

EM is busted. Both she and her child are banned to ride with the company, she faces charged for a handful of things, encouraging her son to theft, false accusations and attacking me among them.

At home, Mia proudly presented her new fabrics (I have a sewing machine which we work on on rainy days) and shirts. All within the shopping money her mom gave her for the day, I pay for myself.

In the end I got off with a warning for pushing the boy, EM pressed charges that were dropped due to the circumstances. The judge figured I was protecting Mia and my property in a heated situation and that the boy‘s prior actions had made it necessary for me to step in. 

EM was fined for the entire delay she and her son had caused (1hr 18mins in total), was ordered to accept family assistance, and child protective services were to look over the family situation as well. 

Mia wasn’t effected in any way. 
Mia’s mother was quite understanding and doubled my Christmas giftcard. I guess it was somewhat an apology or a thanks, she said it was because I risked charges to protect her daughter and taught her to stand up and be strong.

This weekend, we went on another trip. Boarding the bus heading out, I see a boy in line who looks oddly familiar but the man at his side doesn’t. I forget about it. We drive off. 

Mia smiles widely as I pull the DSi game from my handbag. Two minutes later: the boy. The f*ing boy!

Boy: Give me that!

Me, unsure if it really is him: How do you ask for things that aren’t yours, young man?

Boy: I want that game. Now!

Me: No, sorry. Too rude. Go mind your manners please. 

Boy: Daaaad! She won’t give it to me again!

This bulky man gets up from his seat. To my luck, one of the drivers is driver two from the month before. He recognizes the boy and me. 

DT: Young man, I need to see your ID please. Where is your parent?

Father: My son only asked to try the game, sir. 

DT: Yep. That’s why he got banned last month. You have to get off this bus or I will have to call the police. 

Father: I bought tickets for this! I have the right to drive!

Police was called straight away. We stopped. The father got arrested for resisting police and fraud. Turns out both he and his son had signed in under fake names, also his son was 11yo by now and needed a ticket but was signed as 10yo and didn’t have one. 

Driver two came to me to apologize and see how we were doing. I told him no apology was necessary, I wasn’t sure about the boy myself first. I thanked him for resolving the situation immediately. 

There were a few more kids on the bus this time and Mia took over the last row with three other kids, sharing the game, taking turns. They had no trouble at all the entire ride through and I exchanged contacts with their parents. 

We are going to meet up in a funhouse next week. Friends were made. 
That’s how easy it can be. 

Honestly though, even on the second ride, had the boy asked nicely, I would have left the choice to Mia whether or not she wanted to share. After all, it could have been an opportunity to make a friend and people deserve second chances if you ask me. But no. They felt like he had the right to have my game because he simply wanted it. He was rude, the parents were worse. I have no bad feelings for getting them kicked off the bus. However I feel bad for the boy, it wasn’t exactly his fault if he didn’t know better.

---

## Top Comments

**u/MasterWong1** (3,784 points)

And the boy will grow up to be an asshole like his parents.

**u/unnecessary_cleric** (2,363 points)

Take my updoot now! Seriously though, no matter if this is real or not, I still applaud the execution. I cannot stress enough, I will provide you with as many updoots as necessary.

**u/Oranyan** (1,290 points)

My guy, $1.70/hour! U better ask for a raise!

**u/onebigfluffypillow** (1,138 points)

If I took more, I would end up having to sign it as an official job and pay taxes and insurance and stuff. Not worth it. It was enough for me when I was 14 and by now it’s just so I‘m not doing it for free 🤷🏼‍♀️ thanks for the advice though

**u/ArizOwONya** (1,037 points)

Sad reality

**u/Technomage1** (962 points)

Future rapist and/or other crimes, right there.  Doesn’t take no for an answer when it’s something he wants.  And his parents encourage it!  Very foolish for his long term prospects.  He’ll be in prison one day.

**u/DaBossBuster** (744 points)

This post is underrated.
Edit: I made this comment when the post had only 4 upvotes.

**u/ImNotDoingThatOk** (528 points)

I wanted to see your trick

**u/patsfan_yoyo** (462 points)

Show this woman some updoot love!!!

**u/demdude1** (461 points)

True that

**u/Justacrazydoglady** (446 points)

Loved reading this, definitely an upvote from me. And if you're ever in the Canary Islands I'd be more than happy for you to babysit my seven year old son, Mia's parents are very lucky to have you

**u/Enderlord06** (383 points)

The kid didn't deserve to have a parent that did that to him it's like she gives birth to him OK TIMMY LETS GO LEARN HOW TO STEAL FROM RACOONS

**u/onebigfluffypillow** (349 points)

Getting a job offer on a reddit post is kind of great and awkward 😅 if only I lived close enough but Germany is a little far off

**u/AtomIsHere** (347 points)

If this story is real I feel sorry for you and I'm glad cps is watching them. If it's fake then this is a fake  story done right. No use of cliches (my son get's good grades, etc...) Interesting read and pretty long.

**u/Marioman646464** (310 points)

Life sucks sometimes.

**u/TheMightyWeezl** (257 points)

OK COME ON TIMMY LETS GO STEAL MONEY FROM THE BANK

**u/__Ozone** (220 points)

Even if it's fake, she deserves an upvote for the writing. I've seen books with worse stories.

**u/MagpiXD** (147 points)

Your username is answering your question

**u/Yurian30** (142 points)

“Is it true?” And the rest idk......
Edit: I’m Dutch, we get German in school

**u/Justarandom55** (142 points)

Should we allow kids to be taken away from parents like these? It would lead to a society with less assholes but the goverment gains a lot of power. They could censor ideals and opinions with this, you're pro gay? Well that's a shame there goes your kid.

**u/Justacrazydoglady** (134 points)

Not too far, a lot of Germans come here on holiday because it's hot and sunny, well most of the time anyway, weather has been terrible the past few weeks so cue a lot of disappointed tourists and also my son has got good grades this year so he DESERVES it 😂

**u/gsam3** (116 points)

Ist das echt so? Dachte dass muss man erst ab nem bestimmten Betrag?

**u/Ben_Graf** (111 points)

Totally agree. 

A few cliches were around like the my son deserves it trope but in general a wonderful story.

**u/zairiin** (109 points)

Mia ftw!
