# EM flips after she reads the post about her daughter and her.

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/Lady__stoneheart  
**Score:** 25,824  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/al9pek/em_flips_after_she_reads_the_post_about_her/  

---

Hello again!
I posted a story about my aunt ruining my sister's birthday day before yesterday. Turns out she or her daughter is on reddit and are subscribed to r/entitledparents and read the story. 
This is what happened last night-
(EM- entitled mom who's my aunt, EC- her daughter, s- my sister)

EM called my dad last night at about 11, when my dad was half asleep. 


EM- How could you do this to us? Aren't we family? Why did you shame us like this? It was so many years ago? Couldn't you just let it go?


And my dad no idea what she's going on about so he asks her what has happened.
To which she tells him that we posted on Reddit about my sister's birthday.

My dad doesn't know and doesn't care what Reddit is and asks what's the big deal? 


EM- Wow so your daughters do things without telling you? You should keep an eye on them, don't let them get out of hand. You should have taught them manners. (my name) just exposed us and shamed us online. 


Dad- what are you saying? How did she expose you? She hasn't even talked to you in years. 


EM- she posted a story about us and as soon as EC read it we knew it was about us. 
(I haven't divulged any names in that story, not even mine.)


Dad asks me if I did that and why. So it took a total of 15-20 mins to explain dad what reddit is and what I did. I tell him that I have just narrated a story  and haven't exposed  her identity in any way. 
So dad just hands me the phone so I can Explain it to her. 


As soon as I say hello EM starts screaming at me so loudly that it can be heard outside the phone. 

EM- you bitch how could you do that? Who do you think you are? You poison my child and then make it up as if I was overreacting? Take that post down now. And apologize for it on that sub reddit. If you don't I know gonna sue you.


WTF I'm so angry that I just say no, I won't do anything of that sort. And that I would to see how you can sue me all the way from California.


EM then proceeds to call me and my sister a whore and similar things.

My dad takes away the Phone and asks her to not ever contact any of us again and blocks her. 

So hey there AUNT SHEILA hope y'all read this. 

EDIT- THE LINK TO PREVIOUS POST
https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/akpa3g/sisters_birthday_ruined_by_entitled_birthday_and/?utm_source=reddit-android

---

## Top Comments

**u/DankEngine08** (5,989 points)

entitled parent subscribed to r/entitledparents ... such irony

**u/SluppyB** (4,686 points)

This is so amazing. I love how she randomly came across a story about a horrible mother and her bratty child, and instantly knew it was about herself... and yet that's someone else's fault?? Lol! Come on Aunt Sheila, think about it.

**u/kyletheheroman** (3,025 points)

“SO HEY THERE AUNT SHEILA”


i spat out my chocolate milk

E: I don’t want to seem like a attention seeker, but my karma went from 100 to ten fold in like one night. How? I have no clue. So thanks for the attention fellow redditors, I and I hope you enjoy your day.

**u/Lady__stoneheart** (2,276 points)

I know right! If she read a story that resembles her's, a normal person's reaction would be to self analyse and apologize. But no!!!! She can be entitled but we just aren't supposed to call her out on it. 😑

**u/Ashurnibibi** (2,244 points)

Maybe she thought "I'm a parent and I'm entitled to things! This is the community for me!"

Or maybe she's just that oblivious.

**u/handoftheqween_** (1,586 points)

that ruveal on the last line made me spit my drink out laughing

**u/insert_coffee_here63** (1,573 points)

Hey Aunt Sheila you must be some kinda guilty bitch waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay deep down inside to recognize yourself and your kiddo in a story with no names

**u/ThatWasPeachy** (1,165 points)

Can Sheila be the new Karen?

**u/lourutu** (1,040 points)

Every EP weapon 
i Am GoInG tOo SuE yOu
Or
I aM cAlLiNg tHe pOliCe

**u/EastAreaBassist** (900 points)

Maybe it was her daughter who’s subscribed to entitled. Maybe she’s looking for evidence that other people survived EPs.

**u/rockenstein96** (865 points)

I hope the, now, 15yo kid is less entitled and is embarrassed by such a mother.  
Hear that SHEILA? I hope your kid is ashamed of you SHEILA!!

**u/littlemisslol** (754 points)

Lmao eat shit Sheila, I fucking love it

**u/pippacat1014** (632 points)

This is the most gratifying thing I've read on this sub.

And yes, aunt Sheila, the reason you feel shame is because you were doing something shitty and got called on it.

Maybe if you stopped doing shitty things, you wouldn't feel ashamed when you get called on it.

**u/aliteralfuckingdick** (596 points)

Aunt Sheila if you’re reading this, I’d like to know how you came across a story about a shitty mother and child, knew it was about you then still had the audacity to be a bitch about it. Fix up hoe.

**u/HilltopSlim614** (541 points)

I can imagine her reading the " hi AUNT SHEILA" part &amp; completely flipping her shit &amp; that's satisfying. That makes me happy.

**u/Lady__stoneheart** (451 points)

LMAO I've never had so many people agreeing with me. Soaking up all the validation! 😂

**u/candytastefuntime** (342 points)

If you think that's ironic, wait until you hear of the tragedy of Darth Plagueis The Wise

**u/burningrum** (313 points)

Thing is, Aunt Sheila will probably still blame OP for “exposing“ her. Because she's not gonna admit that her own actions have made this happen. Someone being upset about her horrid behaviour has no right - in her mind - to rant about it. That's just rude... right? 

Plus: even with this reveal, how many Sheilas might there be in California. This Aunt must be VERY noticeable for anyone to identify her by her first name.

**u/Emoti723** (309 points)

Karen is another of OP’s sisters. Karen and Sheila get along together

**u/sheilathebestmother** (302 points)

HOW DARE YOU

**u/Ju_Nov** (288 points)

No names and that happened years ago, so yeah, guilty AF

**u/HorrorMoviesYEET** (275 points)

THE LEVEL OF SALT IN THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE I CANT

**u/Keralkins** (266 points)

It was the best bit, OP is so delightfully evil, go her!

**u/DullahanVS** (231 points)

Sheila- I do hope you read these comments because I have some real advice for you.

Read the story about your shitty behavior and read the comments. You see how everyone responded? Bad,  huh? Yup...but you know what? Instead of getting mad maybe use that to have a long hard look at yourself and become a better person.

Somehow I doubt you will though.

**u/LordofRangard** (227 points)

The tragedy of Darth Sheila the entitled: Did you ever hear the tragedy of darth sheila the entitled? I thought not. It's not a story the parents would tell you. It's an EB legend. Darth Sheila was a Dark Lord of the EBs, so powerful and so wise she could use entitlement to influence others to give her free shit... She had such a knowledge of the entitled bitching that she could even keep the ones she cared about from being posted on r/EntitledBitches. The dark side of the entitlement is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be annoying. She became so powerful... the only thing she was afraid of was being exposed on reddit, which eventually, of course, she was. Unfortunately, she taught her daughter everything she knew, then her niece exposed her in her sleep. Ironic, she could save others from being exposed, but not herself.
