# EM wants me to stop treating my young adult children as adults.

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/Karma_Cookie  
**Score:** 24,535  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/crg1qf/em_wants_me_to_stop_treating_my_young_adult/  

---

Obligatory I’m on mobile, English is my first language feel free to point out any grammatical errors.

So a little back story is in order. I have 2 young adult children living at home ages 18 &amp; 19. They both work and go to college. I trust my kids, I trust their decision making skills. When they graduated high school and turned 18 new rules went into place.  No curfew, just call me and let me know if you are going to be out all night so I don’t worry. You can call me at any time for a pick up no questions asked just don’t be stupid and drink and drive. Yes your SO can sleep over or come over for the weekend just let me know what’s going on. Pay a small rent during the summer when you are working full time and pay your part of the car insurance. You have your chores I have mine. We all work together. I tell them if they are being assholes and they listen, in turn I listen to them. There is very little fighting or arguing in my house.  This is their time to spread their wings and learn how to be a responsible adult and have me as a safety net. 

Lately one of my kids SO’s has been spending a lot of time over my house, he is here pretty much all the time. Two days ago I got a phone call from a number I didn’t recognize and I answered it was my daughter’s boyfriends mother. 

Me= me
EM= entitled mom 

Me: Hello?

EM: You need to tell my kid he isn’t allowed over your house anymore!!! 

Me: Who is this?

EM: This is “Tommy’s” Mother!!!!! 

Me: (I already know where this is going)  OH! Tommy’s Mom! I have to say you have raised a great kid! He is always polite and respectful. In fact...

EM: LOOK! I don’t care WHAT you think about my kid!! He is never at home!! He isn’t spending any time with meeee! 

Me: Okay? There isn’t much I can do about that....

EM: Yes there is! Tell him he can’t come over to your house anymore!!!  I WaNt HiM hOMe!!! AND YOU!!!! YOU SET A BAD EXAMPLE FOR MY SON!!! YOUR DAUGHTER HAS NO CURFEW AND I AM SICK AND TIRED HEARING HOW nIcE IT IS AT YOUR HOUSE! I miiisssssss him and want him home!!!

Me speaking very lowly and basically growling into the phone: Are you done yelling at me?

Em:......... ( I think I stunned her into silence) 

Me: I will take that as a yes. Do you trust the way you raised your son? 

EM: What???

Me: it’s a simple question, do you trust the way you raised your son??? 

EM: OF COURSE I DO!!! What does that have to do with anything??? 

Me: do you trust him to make good decisions? 

EM: YES!!! Yes of course. (She is starting to calm down now) 

Me: mother to mother, I know things are not okay at your house right now. ( her husband drinks a lot)  I am trying to give your child a safe place when things are not okay at your house. (She starts to cut me off at this point but I won’t let her) Its not your fault. 

EM: .......

Me: he throws your son out for days at a time sometimes doesn’t he? 

EM: yes (I can hear her choking back the tears) 

Me: do you need someone to talk to? Would you want to go out to lunch? That way you can feel safer knowing whose house your son is at and that he is safe? 

EM: that would be ok. 

We were on the phone for about an hour after that. What started out as an EM was just a scared woman feeling very very alone.  

Sorry there wasn’t any righteous retribution but I think it turned out ok. I am going to try and get 19 year old Tommy’s curfew changed from 10pm to midnight and maybe he can stay over for a weekend.

EDIT: this really blew up overnight! Thank you for the platinum, gold and silver! I will try to respond to all the messages!

EDIT: for the people saying my post is bull, I had a lot of information as to what was going on at Tommy’s house before that phone call and frankly I have been through some of my own stuff with abusive relationships it’s a very hard road to be on.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Evil_Mel** (5,546 points)

You handled that awesomely!

**u/Karma_Cookie** (2,875 points)

Thank you!

**u/me21saveg** (2,419 points)

You are the first I've read about who saw the inside of an em who is actually scared but trust her son and needs someone to talk to. You ma'am have done an excellent job on handling it.

**u/TheJdawg42** (1,376 points)

I don't really think this is entitlement, the mother was just scared of losing her son and so very alone. I feel bad for her

**u/Karma_Cookie** (805 points)

I do too. I honestly wasn’t sure where else to post it. Any suggestions?

**u/EDM_Graybeard** (568 points)

I think here is just fine.

It would have been so easy to just blast her, matching venom with venom.  But you rose above it, setting an example, and giving us hope that not all who act like Karens really are Karens. (Heresy, I know.)

Kudos to you for being a fantastic human being.

**u/Kittinlily** (538 points)

No need to have some over dramatic climax, you helped restore my faith in humanity.  Perfect example of not everything is what it seems, what you did probably went a massive way to rebuilding the relationship between a mother and son, that was obviously being torn apart, and hopefully building up the mother's strength and courage to get herself in a better place emotionally. INCREDIBLY WELL DONE, AND THANK YOU!

**u/laser14344** (472 points)

Didn't hurt that she already knew about the father

**u/ClaraElizabethCohen** (379 points)

You are the type of parent that saved me from a bad home and growing up as a fucked druggie. I had a friend who had a single dad like you and a boyfriend who had both parents like you. Having those safe places to go when my house got too scary was a lifesaver. Thank you for being that person.

**u/SirPiffingsthwaite** (327 points)

Yeah, but even with that which would be a very touchy subject, she handled diplomatically and even opened up an avenue for em to have a vent or support person there for her. I suspect OP might be a psych therapist or counselor

**u/crisamaldo** (164 points)

You're raising your kids well by encouraging trust and independence. There was no better way to have handled that situation. I'm glad the situation is getting better and he'll be able to spend more time over at your house so he can feel safe.

**u/DUMBBUTTER** (155 points)

You deserve all the upvotes

**u/rdr2fan123** (152 points)

That is a very wholesome story. I want to do stuff like this. To help people when they are feeling down. This just inspired me more because what starts of as something bad can end with a new friend and to me it's the reason I want to help. To make them feel better and hopefully have a new friend.

**u/Subject1928** (121 points)

You don't have to be a professionally trained counselor to know how to extend a helping hand to somebody who clearly needs it, it isn't hard to be an open ear.

**u/TheJdawg42** (114 points)

I'm not really sure. Perhaps r/wholesome or r/wholesomeparents

**u/Mirianda666** (101 points)

Thank you. It is unbelievably important that we listen to what people AREN'T saying. I wish I'd been as empathetic with some of the parents whose kids wound up living at my house, but I didn't know how to defuse their anger and kinda went into shell-shock once they started shouting at me. Didn't keep me from keeping their kids, who needed a safe place to sleep, for heaven's sakes, but I didn't handle the parents at all well. You rock.

**u/tanntanatann** (93 points)

Pay it forward. Just make sure your house is one of those safe places for other kids in need.

**u/rizahsevri** (83 points)

It absolutely belongs here. Not every EP story needs to end in righteous rage (although not discounting those, they are my people). She was incredibly entitled to assume she could call an adults parent and demand you change the rules. It's beyond unreasonable! You just happen to be an extra amazing and empathetic person who reached out to someone who needed it. With any luck this new friendship will help her find her footing in her own life. You did good, by both her and her son. Also as someone from raised by a helicopter I have to say thank you for how you view and treat your children. I can't imagine how it feels to be so supported, I wish every parent could be like you are.

**u/[deleted]** (79 points)

I second this, it put an unexpected smile on my face.

**u/FreShovaCado1** (76 points)

I agree!

**u/Raveynfyre** (74 points)

OP could also have personal experience with bad relationships and therefore knows how the other mom feels. 

I believe that in a lot of these cases (EP stories) the EP is stressed out due to other shit in their life and instead of handling it like an adult, they take it out on someone else at the earliest/ most convenient opportunity.

**u/SaintMaya** (58 points)

It's a weird world when instead of raising children, you are raising humans.  

Turns out, you are even good at raising moms. :)  Good on ya.

**u/GoldenWoof** (54 points)

But it is hard to pick the right words that will work with certain people, to make them calm down and listen.

**u/PitBullsPetPortraits** (54 points)

I want to thank u for doing that. She may also be getting abused by her husband and having her son there might make her feel safe(like the father would t dare hit me if my son is here to witness). I would recommend if you keep talking to her to get help if she is being abused... a lot of women in physical harmful relationships don’t get the chance to talk about being abused and need to hear from others that it’s not okay, ever. You could be saving both her son and her own life just by reaching out like u did and by continue to . Has the son mentioned his dad being physical abusive?
