# I do not care if you have CaNCeR, my child DESERVES your seat!

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/BigusSpekus  
**Score:** 24,418  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/asmsxu/i_do_not_care_if_you_have_cancer_my_child/  

---

This encounter happened about 7 months ago. I do not want to insult your intelligence, because you most likely already know what EM and Me stands for, but I should say that EK in this story stands for embarrassed kid and OG stands for old gentleman (60-some year old guy). The kid was very polite and sorry, so this story isn't about him. Also, I'm translating this into english, so bear with me.

A little backstory: About a year ago, I was diagnosed with a cancer of the nasal cavity (stage 2). The tumor was quite large, but thankfully benign (Edit: People have pointed out I formulated this wrong. By benign, I wanted to shorten the fact it still did not spread into other tissue, thus it was still 'contained', which is what I thought the word meant. I apologize for my gaps in knowledge.). To get it removed, I first had to undergo agressive chemotherapy to make it smaller. Thanks to the chemo, I had severe alopecia (hair loss), which made most of my hair and even eyebrows and eyelashes fall out. At some point I had to go bald, but I wore a wig, because I didn't want to look like a skinhead/neonazi (I'm 6'4" and pretty muscular, so I thought people would assume).

So once, after a long chemo session in the hospital, I took the bus home. There's only 1 bus that goes from the hospital to where I live, so I took that one only to see it was absolutely packed. I felt like shit thanks to the chemo, so I asked a middle aged dude to let me sit. He was very understanding and gave me his spot without complaining (if you're reading this, thanks bro). 2 stops later, enter EM, a lovely whale with an "I demand a parley with the CEO" haircut and a 12-some year old kid. It took her roughly 5 seconds to see the bus was packed, start looking for a free seat, spot me and start marching (or, in her case, trying to fit in the aisle between the seats while shoving others aside) to me.

When I saw her, I knew I was screwed. She then stood next to me and decided to talk to me. This is the conversation that followed:

EM: Hey, could you let my kid sit down?
Me: You mean me?
EM: Who else?
Me: Oh, I'm sorry, but I'm on my way from the hospital and-
EM: (cutting me off) So are we (nonsense, the stop was a few kilometres away from the hospital), my boy just broke his leg and we're coming straight from the ER (her kid was standing next to her, without any suport, clearly embarrassed)
Me: He's standing next to you completely fine
EM: Look here, BOY (I am 21 YO), my kid DESERVES to sit down
Me: Look madam, I'm sorry, but I just got back from a chemo session in the hospital and I need to sit down and rest (I then moved my wig a bit to let her see my bald head)

-EM then straight up started yelling in my face-

EM: STOP MAKING EXCUSES AND GET OFF THE F&amp;#@ING  SEAT  YOU F@$&amp;ING SKINHEAD PIECE OF S**T!!!

-At this point, I was baffled. I didn't know what to say, the kid was trying to make his mother stop and we had the attention of the whole bus. She then grabbed me and tried to yank me from my seat. I held on tight and thankfully didn't fall off. Now, enter OG, my saviour.-

OG: WILL YOU SHUT THE F&amp;#K UP YOU DUMB COW?!?
EM: WHO DO YOU THINK YOU'RE TALKING TO?!?
OG: (with ice-cold voice) Stop assaulting other passengers or I will be forced to step in. Also, every dumb moron could see that the dude has cancer.
EM: NO, HE'S JUST A F&amp;@#ING SKINHEAD.
OG: He's got NO EYEBROWS YOU TWAT!

-Seems like that REALLY offended EM, because she spun around on the spot and threw a falcon punch in OG's face. I was shocked and in disbelief, the whole bus was flabbergasted and the kid probably wished he'd never been born. OG then said something unbelievable and a golden, sweet karma moment followed.-

OG: Ok, that does it. Harassing passengers on the bus, physical assault aggainst a passenger and now assaulting an officer. You're in deep trouble lady. 


OG then pulled out a badge and told her to stay where she was. Then he pulled out his phone, called someone and told her she was being arrested. I couldn't believe it, OG was a bloody cop. At this point, EM was as white as a wall. The bus had just come to a stop, so she decided she'd make a run for it, but other passengers blocked her way (she then also got charged with resisting arrest thanks to this). 3 stops later, a police car was waiting for the EM and EK. EK told me he was sorry for his mother's behaviour and I felt really sorry for the kid (he wasn't a bad child, but his mother was a hellspawn). OG then talked to me and asked me if I wanted to press charges (to which I gladly said yes), took a statement, and thankfully was kind enough to let me solve everything on the phone, so I didn't have to come to the police station for questioning.

In the end, EM got some jailtime (I think it was a few months) and some community service. I, in return, got a good story to tell and the sweet taste of instant karma.

Right now, I'm riding the same bus home, as I just got back home from the hospital after a checkup, which reminded me of this. A friend, who's sitting next to me, told me I should post it here. He, as much as myself, also couldn't believe that such people exised, but it seems I proved it to him.

I should also note that the surgery went well, I was declared cancer-free in november and my hair is slowly returning. Also, I don't need to wear a wig anymore.

Edit1: Spelling errors

Edit2: Thank you, kind stranger, for my first ever silver!

Edit3: Holy, thanks a million for the gold! Never had one before, now I'll need to learn, what it does.

Edit4: Platinum... I can't even... my fellow redditor, you are a legend and I thank you from the bottom of my heart. I'd also like to thank everybody for their positive comments. You guys made my day and I'm sorry that I cannot respond to all of them. I thank you all from the bottom of my heart.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Visonish** (4,589 points)

Congratulations on becoming cancer free 😃

**u/BigusSpekus** (1,979 points)

Thanks!

**u/MegaMon13** (1,449 points)

“I demand a parley with the CEO” haircut 😂😂😂

Good story my dude

**u/lautundstill** (1,147 points)

Congratulations on beating the cancer!

Also wtf is wrong with the mom? I've seen some shit myself but this definitely tops the cake.

**u/NuclearCakeMix** (704 points)

yeah congrats, my mom lost her battle so Im happy that someone else won theirs

**u/BigusSpekus** (602 points)

Some people have serious issues, I do not know how she avoided arrest for all that time. Also, thanks bro!

**u/necrokillrfn** (383 points)

Poor embarrassed kid, he deserves better

**u/DoeLarh12** (381 points)

im sorry to hear that man

**u/BigusSpekus** (330 points)

Been subbed since 2012

**u/XxzZBe_Gone_ThotZzxX** (297 points)

Same here brother stay strong

**u/BringBackTheFuture** (296 points)

Congratulations on cancer-free! 

And also, sorry for what happened to you that day. She seem like a hellspawn of a person. Glad that cop was there that day.

**u/CowPlaysViola** (264 points)

That twist at the end (the cop)

I was laughing so hard

# Good Job!

Edit: Glad you're well!

**u/WeeaPuff-The-Macig-D** (262 points)

The one who was cancer in this story was the mom

**u/Thiggy1914** (217 points)

“Harassing a passenger and assaulting an officer”
*pikachu face*

**u/GamerAK907** (207 points)

Sub to pewds.All I have to say lol.

**u/BigusSpekus** (190 points)

I hope Pewdiepie will beat T-Series just like I beat cancer.

**u/Stegosarus-Rex** (189 points)

I didn’t lose my mother but I lost my grandmother from breast cancer (which she already had before I was 5) about 4 years ago

Edit: Thank you all for the support and love I really do, and sorry to all who have lost anyone, I can’t believe how many have had this happen to them, I hope you all can stay strong and continue your happy lives

**u/BigusSpekus** (174 points)

I felt really sorry for the poor bro. Compared to his mom, he was a saint. He deserves better

**u/saltydog99** (171 points)

r/rareinsults

**u/DragonBoy_1** (129 points)

Well then the OG checks out 
Congrats on becoming cancer free btw

**u/BigusSpekus** (120 points)

Nicely said

**u/Roboticsteak9** (114 points)

Not the Hero we deserved, but the Hero we needed

**u/boosheets** (111 points)

My dude congratulations on being cancer free I know the struggle I have cancer 2 first year in treatment

**u/XxzZBe_Gone_ThotZzxX** (107 points)

It’s hard I lost my mother to breast cancer to but she put up a good fight for 4-5 years. She passed about a year and a few months ago.

Edit: thanks to everyone who liked this comment it means a lot to me god bless you all

**u/Ajet3** (106 points)

I feel like OG walked EM right into that situation. That is awesome. Also, good for you that you're all well now.
