# [UPDATE] "We're having a sixth kid we can't afford, so we expect you to give us your college fund."

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/DCholic_19  
**Score:** 24,223  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/ivvtju/update_were_having_a_sixth_kid_we_cant_afford_so/  

---

Here's the [original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/ii039w/were_having_a_sixth_kid_we_cant_afford_so_we/)

&amp;#x200B;

Yesterday afternoon , I got a call from my older brother. He told me that my mom has miscarried. This is hardly surprising as she's in her 40s. I felt a huge wave of relief wash over me. My siblings' lives would not be worsened by my parents' insistence on adding another mouth to feed on an already tight budget. My sister would not be asked to give up her inheritance so they could have money for their new baby. 

&amp;#x200B;

My brother told me my mom had been crying and while I did feel bad for her, I was still glad to hear about the miscarriage. I feel like we all dodged a huge bullet. Bro asked me to move back in for a while, to help comfort my mom. I told him I wasn't going to move in because 1. my college would reopen in a few days and 2. I'm done with all the family drama. However, I did agree to come visit my mom, if only out of courtesy. 

&amp;#x200B;

In the evening, I went over to my parents' place. I took chocolate chip muffins for my mom which I know she likes. My sister greeted me at the door and told me mom had been in bed all day. After greeting my dad I went into their bedroom. Mom was sitting up on the bed. I told her I was sorry about what happened and placed the muffins on the bedside table. She looked at me angrily, then threw the muffins at me. She screamed at me that she had "lost her baby" because of me, she said I had caused her stress and it's what caused her to miscarry. She said I was probably glad her baby was dead (Which is true, but of course I didn't point that out). She called me a witch and said I had wished this upon her. She was screaming so loudly, all my siblings and my dad came rushing to the bedroom. 

&amp;#x200B;

She yelled at me to get out. I did. I hugged my older brother and sister. Before I left, my dd told me my mom was right, that my "cruelty" caused her to miscarry. I told him that was a grossly unfair accusation and reminded him that at mom's age, it was quite common to miscarry. Then I walked out. 

&amp;#x200B;

I'm so done with my parents and their stupidity. I can only hope they won't try for another kid.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Metraxis** (7,737 points)

Of course they will try for another one, then demand your money as "compensation" for your having killed the last one. That is a bullshit argument, and you should be ready for it. They've shown you who they are now, and there's no reason not to believe them. Most especially, don't let them know anything about your finances, lest they use that information to calculate the demand that will cause you the most pain if you comply.

**u/Plasma_Ham2** (1,799 points)

At first I thought no sane person would do this. Then I remembered they are crazy narcissists who only want what they want.

Best thing to do op even tho harsh is cut them off.

**u/ashy-autie** (1,623 points)

Now you just have to use your witchcraft to make her go through menopause

**u/hurrypotta** (971 points)

Your parents are being ridiculous. Your relatives left you that money for YOU, not to foster your parents lack of responsibility. This is beyond frustrating. Some people are so fucking selfish. Bringing kids into the world when you are not financially stable FFS. Accidental pregnancies happen but from the OP it doesn't seem like this pregnancy was an accident but planned out.

**u/haikusbot** (730 points)

*Now you just have to*

*Use your witchcraft to make her*

*Go through menopause*

\- ashy-autie

---

^(I detect haikus. And sometimes, successfully.) ^[Learn&amp;#32;more&amp;#32;about&amp;#32;me.](https://www.reddit.com/r/haikusbot/)

^(Opt out of replies: "haikusbot opt out" | Delete my comment: "haikusbot delete")

**u/Gagaga-riddle** (529 points)

They will try for another one even though they are on a tight budget, and of course they will ask their children for their inheritance again,I have a friend with 7 siblings but his family is financially stable so it isn’t much of a trouble. They need to see that they’re not able to provide for a new baby so they should stop trying.

**u/CaptainAdam5399** (417 points)

They’ll try now more than ever mostly out of spite for OP. She “ruined” this one so now then need to replace it. That new baby will grow up being told to hate its sister and all that she supposedly did. They’ll teach that child to resent her for not giving out free money that they had no right to. The child will be innocent and won’t know any better but ultimately they’ll continue to be crap parents/people and do whatever it takes to make sure OP is hated. And that is just the worst thing that anyone could do

**u/Anglammaroth** (332 points)

There's a fair chance relatives left that money BECAUSE of the parents' lacking responsibility to set their kids up for success.

**u/kratomgirl81** (254 points)

I'm so sorry you're going through this your parents suck!;

**u/Plasma_Ham2** (251 points)

And this is why I think there needs to be a test to be a parent

**u/JustanOldBabyBoomer** (233 points)

I second this!!!!!!!

**u/Strypes4686** (203 points)

Your parents just lost *two* children.

The baby was never born and they chased off a daughter who's going to be someone. They will probably never realize what they have lost and will never learn.... Don't look back. Don't let anyone tug at you heartstrings to mend that bridge because it is gone.

Good luck in your future successes.

**u/JustanOldBabyBoomer** (202 points)

It's time to cut off the breeders as they have shown you they are NOT mom and dad!  They clearly don't care about the children they already have.

**u/CutieDutie23** (196 points)

First time seeing you and i just said damn 5 times out loud.  Good bot

**u/parts2020** (196 points)

I am sympathetic to the miscarriage but she had no right to blame you

**u/proassassin00** (183 points)

Oh, unfortunately, they will. Do what you can to support your siblings because they don't deserve to bear the brunt of this, but outside of that, keep as far a distance away from them. Even when the dust settles, I don't think anything will change as far as your dynamic. It's easier to blame you than to admit they're driving the family off a cliff because BC is apparently a sin to them.

**u/Plasma_Ham2** (133 points)

Wow. I sympathise with you op. This has been one hell of an emotional rollercoaster and good for you for standing your ground and staying strong. Well done 

As for your parents there no doubt they will be like this for a while and then possibly try again for another child. I would’ve recommend just being there for them but after she shouted at you, her own DAUGHTER, blaming you for this miscarriage, which is highly likely cause of her age, yeah forget about that. At the moment your mum is irrational and Ik when a women goes through a pregnancy lose it’s hard and she’ll probably be like this for a while. But she had no right to throw a literal tantrum.

Ive read both your stories and your parents are narcissistic and only want what they want no matter who they hurt. The best thing for you to do is keep your finances to yourself and block them for the time being. Your out the fog now and seen what your parents really are like. Live your life op and don’t let drag you done.

Something to also note if the child was born it a high chance it would have been born with a disability. So it would have costed even more to raise it. What your parents are thinking having another child with their financial state is just beyond me.

**u/DuckyDoodleDandy** (132 points)

Consider reporting your parents to child protective services, or whoever can get an injunction against them taking the other kids’ inheritances. 

Also, consider going to Adult Children of Dysfunctional Families group to undo the mental damage they’ve done over the years.

**u/Oberon_Swanson** (122 points)

While a nice idea, it would make it way too easy for a government to basically commit legal genocide. Think of how hard some governments try to make it for certain groups to vote. Think of how many places in America would ratfuck your ability to have kids if you are black, or an interracial couple. They could change the contents or grading of the test or simply make it more difficult to even get the test or get the results. And even if you trust current governments, that power is just a ticking time bomb waiting for someone to abuse it.

And just like with things like drugs or abortions, making it illegal isn't going to stop people from doing it. People can have kids without even trying. What are you going to do to parents who don't get the test and get pregnant? Force a late-term abortion? Take the baby from them at birth and force you to pay child support until you can pass the test? Currently our kids with no parents/guardians don't have the greatest care. How would our systems become better with more and more kids shoved into them? How expensive would this whole process be of testing all parents and managing the fallout of those who have children without a license?

I think maybe something more like a parenting course that rewards those who pass would be a better system. Still has the potential for abuse like all things but much more manageable and effective.

**u/GoodOldSlippinJimmy** (121 points)

Maybe she just needs to explain that since babies are a gift from God their treatment of their daughter has made God decide to un-gift this little blessing. Can't possibly make the situation any worse. But in all seriousness I hope her non-nuclear can help support her in this time of instability.

**u/xD_Calitrocity** (120 points)

Good bot

**u/Crimeislegal** (117 points)

Yeah. She only cares about toddlers and when they grow up she stops.

**u/TheMannX** (96 points)

Well done bot *gentle pats on head*

**u/GarnetsAndPearls** (94 points)

*Deep* into menopause.

I have a 14+yr age gap with my elder siblings, because my folks thought they were in the clear.

**u/Karzi** (82 points)

Kind of related, my state's Medicare/HIP whatever has a rewards system. You get a rewards card and for your child's Dr appointments you get like, $20 each time. And dentist visits too. 

Its a great system because it rewards parents for taking care of their child, so they are more likely to do it. 

If they did something like parenting classes that would give something like this, I would do Every. Single. One.
