# EM thinks we're a daycare. Welp, her child is now gone.

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/ProfessionalDish  
**Score:** 23,017  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b28fp8/em_thinks_were_a_daycare_welp_her_child_is_now/  

---

I used to work in a small chain of Bookstores/Stationery shops. We’d sell books, pens, paper and so on. It was a quirky little store, straight out of a romantic love novella (or a Stephen King book, if you prefer).

This happened a few years ago and I reconstruct it from my memory. While trying to be as accurate as possible I can’t guarantee it.

The cast of this play:

EM: Entitled Mother

LG: ~~a South Korean~~ ~~multinational~~ ~~conglomerate~~ ~~corporation~~ little girl

Me: ~~a virtue example of a working class hero~~ just me

ND: Nice dad (of little girl)

The Story:

EM walks into the store with LG. It’s rather early in the morning. EM looks around, asks me if I could watch her child.

Me: “Oh no, I’m terrible with children, sorry”

EM tells me that its not for that long and I shouldn’t be such a fuss about it. I still politely refuse. Its not my job to watch children, I’m afraid to do something wrong. What happens? EM leaves the store, who do I find hidden in the corner? LG who seems to be rather shy/fearful.

This happened back in a time before everyone had smartphones. The kid obviously didn’t had a mobile on it, I suspected the mother also wouldn’t. Wasn’t to surprised that LG didn’t knew the number of their landline. I sigh. What are you gonna do? If something happens to that kid while being in the store and you being the only present employee you’re gonna have a bad time.

Me: “Hey girl, what’s your name?”

LG: “(her name)”

Me: “I’m (my name and surname)”

LG, happy like only kids can be if they think they did something smart or they knew something: “My surname is (surname).”

Now this rang a bell. I had a good customer with the same surname. It turns out that its her dad. I didn’t get paid enough to babysit. In fact I didn’t even got paid enough to do my normal work. I call her dad at his workplace since we saved that number in our system. The call went along those lines:

Me: “Hi ND, here’s Me from bookstore XY”

ND: “Oh hi (me), how’s it going? I don’t remember having any open orders.”

Me: “Yeah, erm, look, listen, do you have a daughter?”

ND, confused: “Yes why do you ask?”

Me: “What’s her name?” (I just wanted to ensure its really her dad and not just a stupid coincidence. If I think now about it, LG told me its her dad, so I don’t know why I wasn’t sure)

ND apologizes for EMs behavior and tells me he’s gonna pick LG up as soon as possible.

While waiting for ND I picked up one of our sale-books (box with damaged books that we try to sell with huge discount before throwing away), a picture book from Disney. LG tries to read a little, I read a little.

ND arrives, LG runs to him and hugs him, crying that mommy was mean to her. ND soothes her and thanks me for babysitting her. He gives me a bottle of wine and buys something small from the store.

ND: “If EM shows up again, could you not tell her that I picked up LG?”

Me: “What. Why?”

ND: “If you don’t feel like it you don’t need to. Its rather complicated and you already did so much for us”

ND leaves. In the evening EM shows up. Just to point out – she dropped LG at about 09:00. It was 17:45.

EM: “Where’s my daughter?”

Me, already chugged about half the bottle of wine and thus a little boozed: “Your WHAT?”

EM: “My daughter. I dropped her in this store and you where here.”

Me, way to drunk for work (but already decided to go for another job or homeless, both would have been better): “YOUR WHAT?”

EM was on the edge. Thus I did what I thought was the smartest thing to do:

Me: “A guy came into the store and picked her up. He seemed nice. Gave me some wine for her”

At this point I expected her to explode/attack me, but she just left the store.

A few weeks pass and ND and LG come to the store. Both happy to see me. ND asks me If I got a few minutes. An excuse not to work? Obviously I took the time for…customer service. Gave LG the same book we’ve read the last time and had a talk with ND.

EM and ND where in the middle of a divorce when EM dropped LG at our store. One of the reasons ND wanted a divorce was that EM “wasn’t nice” to LG. Now in my country as a male it’s rather hard to get custody for your child. No matter what. LG wanted to be with ND but that doesn’t matters. EM dropping LG in our store was a gift of the heavens. ND took LG to his sister over night, EM pretended that LG was sleeping at one of her friends. ND wanted to call them just to ensure that LG is fine. EM didn’t wanted that. LG friend didn’t knew where LG is. EM claimed she dropped LG at LGs friend. ND faked panic and involved the police. EM insisted that LGs friend kidnapped LG. Police asked ND and EM separately and ND told the police what happened. EM still insisted on her dropping LG at LGs friend. ND had proof of it being otherwise since he already called the police when he dropped LG at his sisters house.

Now in court ND apparently said something like “EM can have all she want, even my wine collection. I just want to be with my daughter.” EM, knowing that ND didn’t had any money left and had some quite expensive wines agreed. Daughter ended up with ND, mother paying alimony. What EM didn’t knew: ND was replacing his wine collection before the divorce with the cheapest wines he could find at different discounters, gifting away the expensive ones. He knew that EM either is gonna take everything from him or will break his wine collection.

We both laugh, I gifted the book to LG who seemed very happy. When EM dropped her she was shy, seemed small and now she had such a big smile on her face and was curious for everything. She could read much better than a few weeks ago. She seemed like a bird taking of to fly towards the sun.

&amp;#x200B;

I absolutely hated my job. But situations like these make me a little bit nostalgic. Somehow I miss direct interactions with customers. On the other hand  I don't. I obviously don't.

---

## Top Comments

**u/carinaeletoile** (3,982 points)

That poor girl...at least she ended up with a dad that loves her. You're super smart for making the connection with the last name! Imagine if you hadn't.

**u/LedZepplin-II** (1,102 points)

That could have turned into child abandonment!

**u/Elico_225** (829 points)

If the employee didn’t make the connection and called CPS or the police, it probably also would have still gone in the NDs favor because the EM abandoned her daughter with a complete stranger. Glad it was much cleaner though.

**u/ProfessorChaos573** (494 points)

big mistake that EM dropped LG to your shop.

**u/Allyalicorn** (366 points)

If the employee didn’t make that connection and LG had stayed there it would have been FOR ALMOST 9 HOURS.

**u/ProfessionalDish** (325 points)

You can get away with everything as long you don't get caught. It also helped that I didn't care about my job at all at that stage.

**u/orgasmo87** (276 points)

And they just so happened to recognize the customers name and find a number.

Why didn't the cops come by to verify the story,how come you weren't called to court as a witness and for  the mum filing a false claim.

 Don't get me wrong I still upvoted because I enjoyed it but it does seem a tad implausible

**u/np_1029** (258 points)

It’s crazy that the mother could be the most abusive person on the planet to the child but still get custody of the child instead of the father who has never done anything wrong to the child in his life

**u/_Silly_Wizard_** (243 points)

What the hell country is this that you can get away with drinking on the job

**u/Kefflin** (152 points)

Realistically maybe 30 minutes before the cops show up after OP calls them

**u/doot_doot_skeleton** (120 points)

thats exactly what i tell myself before i rob a bank.

**u/llamashredder** (117 points)

I would’ve immediately called the police - abandoned child. Parent who would do that needs investigating, that’s neglect.

**u/CRP3891** (107 points)

Just to make EM look worse she basically traded her kid for wine. 😂 and still lost lol

**u/Kyphros** (100 points)

&gt;She seemed like a bird taking of to fly towards the sun.

So... Suicidal ?

**u/MashedPotato28999** (96 points)

Sometimes the world can be just really messed up

**u/ProfessionalDish** (90 points)

funny if I think about it: ND actually traded his wine in exchange for his daughter. Twice.

**u/Sororita** (85 points)

"if there's no cops around anything's legal." Gruncle Stan.

**u/-XxX_DatBoi_XxX-** (80 points)

I mean if I was unwilling put in a position where I could be liable for anything that happened to that kid, I would be racking my brain for anything.

**u/orgasmo87** (71 points)

Yeah im sure an  ex employee of a defunct company can access servers from God knows how many years ago

s/ for all you wawa's out there

**u/MertsA** (66 points)

&gt;Now in my country as a male it’s rather hard to get custody for your child. No matter what.

Ah, I see you also live in the US.

**u/ProfessionalDish** (60 points)

Unfortunately not. I moved and the chain closed down not long after I stopped working for them.

**u/ProfessionalDish** (60 points)

oof

**u/p1the1** (58 points)

If you live somewhere you're lucky enough to have police actually show up at all. In my town, the dispatch would ask if the child was safe, at which point (after you say yes) dispatch says the mother will be back shortly and if she's not back in 24 hours to file a missing persons report and THEN they will send social services to collect her. 

No joke. SDs police response is LAUGHABLE. My husband was T-Boned on his motorcycle by someone who turned into oncoming traffic at around 2:15pm on a weekday. They said "are there showing bones and/or any unresponsive patients?" No..but I'm really hurt and need help. "ok then we won't be responding. Sorry this happened, get to urgent care as soon as you can and have a nice day. " A broken back and wrist, 37 stitches in his leg and a shin that could shatter at any given moment (at the time due to lots of hairline fractures), and a concussion wasn't enough for my husband who was begging for medical response was told good luck. 

On one other occasion, I was involved in a hit and run that the car took off at speeds over 100mph using the shoulders, embankments, and splitting lanes in their Jeep Cherokee. I had gotten their license plate when they were pretending to pull over. About a month of back and forth with cops and I get a call saying he admitted to it, but the cop was cutting him a break because he said he'd only ran due to his 6 year old being in the car, and as a parent can understand why the guy didn't feel safe and didn't pull over (um what?). At that point I said I dgaf about my car, who does he think he is driving that recklessly with a kid in the car?! To which the CHP said, "oh...yeah...I guess I should tell him not to do that ever again. Looks like I have yet another phone call to make."

I support our law enforcement, but our police force here deserves an Oscar for pretending like they care/serve the public.

**u/BakedPugs** (54 points)

Wholeheartedly agree my friend

**u/Allyalicorn** (53 points)

OP may have thought EM was just gonna be gone 10ish minutes so might not have called the police till after like an hour
