# Breastfeeding isnt allowed if you're a teen mom!!!

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/LyteRay1943  
**Score:** 22,910  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/ch8ijr/breastfeeding_isnt_allowed_if_youre_a_teen_mom/  

---

(Mobile) 

So back in high school one of my closest friends got pregnant and gave birth to the sweetest baby boy. She stopped going to school for a while to take care of her kid but still did online school so she could graduate with her class. One thing we would do is go to one of the local food places near the high school on Fridays and today we decided to go to this nice Chinese place that I frequent regularly and the little old asian lady knows me by name. This Chinese place has a sticker on the front door that says something like "breastfeeding will always be allowed" which is great since that's what my friend is more comfortable doing for her baby. 

After we ordered our food and hung out in this little waiting area when the baby gets all fussy. She takes out the little cover and covers her baby and her chest as she starts to feed him. We keep talking until this woman and her son who had to be around 10 comes in. I recognize the kid as one of the kids I looked after when I use to volunteer at a youth center. He comes up to me and starts talking to me and then asks my friend what shes doing with the baby. 

Before my friend could answer the boys mother cuts in. "A disgusting thing is what shes doing. Dont you know better than to do that in public? And why are you even doing that if you're only a kid." 
My friend has an attitude sometimes so I try to jump in before she would start to throw things. "Its not illegal. And mrs. L is fine with it. She has a sticker on the door." 

Mrs. L being the little old asian lady by the counter who was just oogling the baby a second ago. She smiles at us and continues to write some stuff down. The mother wasnt happy about this and continues with her BS. 

"I'm sorry but I'm just not ok with a baby breastfeeding another baby. Can you please just stop." She says in frustration. 
Mrs. L finally cuts in and in her broken english she says "nursing baby is a beautiful thing. You have problem, you leave." 
She then taps the order on the window that leads to the kitchen and apologizes to my friend for the womans nasty behavior. She then looks at the boy who is still next to me and says jokingly. "You're mother, she dummy right?" 

This makes the boy laugh and the mother just grumble in her seat trying to stay as far from us as she could. When my friend finished and we grabbed our food mrs. L threw in an extra order of eggs rolled since they where my friends favorite. Everything was fine until Monday came and I saw the boy again. He pulls me off to the side and tells me that his mom said she doesnt like me or my friend. I just ask him if he still likes me and he says yes. Yay

---

## Top Comments

**u/funnyunicorns123** (3,775 points)

lolthat chinese owner mrs. L is funny torwards the end. “your mother, she dummy right?”

**u/thekyledavid** (3,649 points)

“Why are you doing that if you are a kid?”

“Because children with teenage parents still experience hunger, you jagweed. And minors can still be arrested for not feeding their kid.”

**u/LyteRay1943** (2,544 points)

Shes one of those little old asian ladys who will say whatever they want lol

**u/deescover** (1,110 points)

I'm a Korean male and I had the mom of a Korean girl apologize to me that her daughter wasn't pretty enough for me to date her.

**u/LiLxGucc1** (925 points)

"You jagweed" I like that

**u/finnin1999** (660 points)

Whether you disagree with breastfeeding in public or not why are people such assholes? There's probably ways to disagree without acting like a massive twat like she did.

**u/Lbohnrn** (568 points)

It cracks me up when someone who speaks English as a second language, particularly older Asian ladies, throw shade like this. Nothing passive aggressive about them 😂

**u/YouretheballLickers** (518 points)

That’s..what...what the...?

**u/Deodedros** (462 points)

Why are people even against breastfeeding in public? Kids get hungry at random times and they need to be fed, I don't get whats so bad about that.

**u/tex81024** (416 points)

Asian moms man, I'm white but my closest friends were from mainland china and tibet, shits different

edit: Spelling for that one guy

**u/Stoop_Girl** (296 points)

Because there are some people who view breasts as nothing more than sexual objects, only for their pleasure, and should be kept in the bedroom.

**u/Arilysal** (276 points)

As a Chinese I can confirm that the older generation gives no fucks and has no filter when it comes to insults.

**u/zoeastra21** (264 points)

She even covered it up so it's not like she had her breasts hanging out lol and every mother,including animals breastfeed. People need to mind their own business. Er baby was hungry so she fed it.

**u/xxruruxx** (216 points)

Was talking about how we made dumplings as a kid as a family activity. My white friend said he made ravioli too, and we got talking. 

I talked about how I was the worst dumpling maker and how my entire family made fun of me because mine looked like a toddler made them (it is true, my dumplings are very misshapen). How my family would take the most dumpy looking one and be like "ruru, this is yours huh" and laugh. (it was). 

My friend remarked "damn" and that we had very different childhoods. 

I guess we are a lot more frank with each other? I thought it was funny because it was true but I guess it sounds mean.

**u/UnaeratedKieslowski** (180 points)

Halfway through the post I was worried the Chinese women was going to be the asshole of the story and was worried it was going to be another case of one bad apple giving Asian people a bad reputation.

But luckily it was the complete opposite. You keep on taking no shit, Chinese restaurant woman!

**u/Yelmak** (179 points)

It's really sad when women adopt this mentality and end up feeling ashamed, especially when they switch to formula before the baby is ready.

**u/TheFunbag** (168 points)

“I’m just not okay with you feeding your hungry baby.”

This has exactly zero bearing on anything at all, madame. Suck an eggroll.

**u/evan_luigi** (165 points)

r/rareinsults

**u/Maverick8787** (127 points)

I understand the point you’re making but I do want to say that no one should be shamed if they choose to, or need to formula feed their baby. I have a friend who needed to and she felt absolutely awful about it and it really affected her self esteem. At the end of the day, if the kid is getting fed, that is what matters.

**u/Leifang666** (113 points)

If a person is old enough to get pregnant, give birth and produce milk then you're old enough to breast feed. It's not hard to understand. She even covered up!

**u/TiredLingMajor** (112 points)

I'm polish-American (father is literally from Poland) and we have pierogi, and my family would make fun of my mishappen pierogi, too. Idk if eastern europeans are just harsher than Italians but that sounds like a funny story to me too.

**u/JettRose17** (101 points)

r/unexpectedPandR

**u/xxruruxx** (87 points)

Right? It was a rather fond childhood memory lol. 

I recently made a friend straight from Poland and we ate pierogis, cabbage rolls, and sausage together!

I love how every culture has their iteration of dumplings. It makes me feel closer to people all around the world. We're all just carbon based dumpling eaters :)

**u/HasTwoCats** (83 points)

I had to supplement with formula from the start, and after being readmitted and spending a week in the hospital I was never able to produce even as little as I was BEFORE I needed to start supplementing. At 8 weeks, I basically said "screw this" and transitioned my daughter to formula exclusively. I really appreciate your comment. It was very frustrating when everyone would ask if I'd taken her off formula yet, but the amount she was getting every day was increasing. It's nice to see understanding
