# Let them eat cake.

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/Top_Gorilla17  
**Score:** 22,628  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bmp2cr/let_them_eat_cake/  

---

Long ago, way back in the before-time, I worked for one of those bulk warehouse club stores. 

My trade was simple: I was a wrangler of the silver buffalo, and dutifully retrieve the ol' ghetto strollers I did.

The job in-and-of itself wasn't the worst I'd ever had; I got plenty of exercise, got to be outside and generally didn't have to interact with the 'members' (calling them customers was taboo) for the most part.

For the *most part*.

The thing about this job is that the company I worked for had a- reputation- for being cheap. Thusly, more often than not, I was on my own out in the parking lot.

"Big whoop," you might say. "You gathered carts? You should see how hard MY job is!"

Yeah, well... Shut up. This is *my* story, butt-munch.

I digress. The reason that being alone sucked is that this store didn't have just one kind of cart. Hell, they didn't even just have TWO kinds of carts. You had your classic garden variety cart, the kiddie-cart with the plastic facade to make it resemble a car, the electric scooters (which weren't supposed to leave the store, but did so with alarming frequency), and finally, the bulky, hard-to-control flatbeds. On top of that, whenever someone needed help loading their haul into their minivans, I was the guy they called. You know, because the greeters, cashiers, and managers were all *busy*.

As you might expect, one man cannot be in multiple places at once, and as a result,  on some of our busier days it became incredibly difficult to keep enough carts in the vestibule.

Our story begins on one of these days...



So there I was, chugging along like a good worker drone, struggling to keep up with the sheer volume of people coming in to buy cheap bulk goods. Sure enough, I get a call on the radio:

Manager - "[*sktchh*] Top_Gorilla17..? We need you to help some members load their purchases. [*sktchh*]"

Me -"Uh, I'd love to, but I'm barely able to keep up out here as is..."

Manager - "[*sktchh*] Just do it, Top_Gorilla17. You can afford to stop gathering carts for two minutes. [*sktchh*]"

Ron Howard - "*He couldn't.*"

I didn't want to push my luck, so I complied. After spending 20 minutes loading people's purchases because when one person needs it, suddenly they ALL need it, I came back to find my vestibule a near-ghost town, save for a single line of carts that was half-gone, and... The *Karen*.

I won't waste time describing this specimen. She was the prototype. You know what she looked like.

There she stood, menacing, tapping her foot with such speed that could make any metal drummer green with envy... You could collect the contempt in her gaze in a jar.

Karen - "Where are the big flat ones?"

I blanked for a moment.

Me - "I'm sorry?"

Karen - "Ugh. *Mexicans*..."

For the record, I'm very much white.

Karen - "WHERE. ARE. THE. FLAT ONES."

Me - "Oh, you mean the flatbeds. I'm sorry, I was just helping some other members load their merchanise and haven't had a chance to-"

Karen - "OH MY GOD, I don't care about your excuses, you have ONE JOB, and a TRAINED. MONKEY. Could do it!"

I just want this lady out of my face, so I don't fight it.

Me - "Sorry ma'am. I'll grab one from the parking lot for you..."

Karen - "You'd *better*..."

So I go back out to the lot and find a whole line of flatbeds sticking out of a corral blocking several parking spaces. I push them all into the vestibule where she waits, huffing about how I'm wasting her valuable time. I separate one from the rest and bring it to her.

Me - "I'm terribly sorry about the wait, ma'am."

She leers at me with utter malice.

Karen - "Hmmph. Unbelievable..."

And with that, she dismisses herself into the store, where she will be someone else's problem. I shake my head and return to doing what I'm paid to do.

About fifteen minutes later, I'm returning a line of carts when I see her pushing her flatbed to her Miata and jawwing about 'stupid people' (most certainly referring to me) on her cell phone. You know what she had bought? What she had insisted on having a flatbed for?

A *cake.*

This wasn't even like, a *big* cake. It was one of those little circular numbers, like [this](https://ajugglingmom.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/Mickey-and-Minnie-Party-08.jpg).

Anyways, I witness as she continues to yammer on about how I nearly ruined- *RUINED* I TELL YOU- her precious baby's birthday party, when the most glorious thing happened: 

Still clutching her phone with those jai-alai scoop claws of hers, she attempts to pick up the cake with one hand, the plastic topper pops off, and she spills the cake *all over* her undoubtedly expensive designer outfit.

Seething with white-hot rage, she locks eyes with me. 

Karen - "**YOU! GET ME ANOTHER CAKE! NOW!**"

Me - "Terribly sorry ma'am. I've got one job, and these carts won't gather themselves."

I walked away, shit-eating grin plastered on my face as her shrieks faded into the distance behind me. 

I've had my share of nasty customer interactions before, but *this one*...

(•_•)

( •_•)&gt;⌐■-■

(⌐■_■)

*Really took the cake.*

#YEEEEEEAAAAAAAA^AAAAAA^^AAAAAAA^^^AAAAAAAAA^^^^AAAAAAAAAH

---

## Top Comments

**u/MichaelTyson05** (3,389 points)

You know what? For that ending 

😎 you deserve an upvote

**u/scriptblade** (2,222 points)

You've been wait a long time for that pun haven't you

**u/Top_Gorilla17** (1,451 points)

Since time immemorial.

**u/Top_Gorilla17** (1,312 points)

Glad you enjoyed it, my friend.

**u/Top_Gorilla17** (788 points)

Trust me, friend: For me, *every* day is cake day.

**u/T351A** (546 points)

You couldn't have waited a little longer until your cake day?

**u/CH_0u3tte** (540 points)

Your writing style is amazing. Keep up!

**u/the_robdog** (398 points)

I was sold on this story by the use of "butt-munch." 😂

**u/aserquin** (346 points)

you deserve more then that

**u/gladeshiron** (290 points)

I like the way you live your life, friend. Live punny, die whenever.

**u/Top_Gorilla17** (263 points)

Glad you enjoyed it! I may just do so.

**u/FriedrichAndre** (254 points)

You stole my line. I was gonna say that.

Still, the mishap WAS the icing on the cake. Your retort?...SWEET as cake.

**u/Gameknight6916** (249 points)

Agreeing with others: 100

**u/Martiniix** (216 points)

This is such a good story  


  
and that pun tho lol

**u/Top_Gorilla17** (173 points)

I uh... I watched a lot of Beavis and Butt-Head as a kid.

**u/Top_Gorilla17** (131 points)

It was one of my better moments. Usually I do suffer from staircase wit, but this was one of the few times in my life I had the right comeback loaded.

**u/CelestialChicken** (127 points)

Yeah seriously, I don't know if it's talent or something you've worked at but you could EASILY pass as a professional at least to me

**u/Top_Gorilla17** (125 points)

I really appreciate that. I certainly would love to do it professionally but I've honestly always kinda doubted myself. Folks here are making a pretty good case for it though.

**u/Top_Gorilla17** (123 points)

Thank you, I'm actually kind of overwhelmed that people seem to like it so much.

**u/hyperblob1** (103 points)

Your writing oozes charisma dear sir

**u/CoolGuy7755** (96 points)

begging for karma: 100

**u/theemoemue** (93 points)

You enjoyed that pun way too much...

And so you should. The stars aligned for that pun.

**u/Top_Gorilla17** (73 points)

Many thanks. :D

**u/DrNavi** (67 points)

She definitely got her *Just Desserts*

**u/Linzerj** (65 points)

That ending pun is priceless! Absolutely beautiful
