# “WHAT KIND OF SICK PORN IS THAT?!” Entitled ain’t tried to steal my computer and hits my mum

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/BlackKnight6660  
**Score:** 22,351  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/au6zrg/what_kind_of_sick_porn_is_that_entitled_aint/  

---

This is an exact C&amp;P of a post I made yesterday that you all seemed to like but the mods removed (and then didn’t tell me why) so here you go :) 

(Apologies for spelling mistakes and grammar mistakes, English is not my first language :D) 

This is a pretty long one but I believe it’s worth it :P

Me = the smexy beast writing this post 

EA = Entitled Aunt 

EK = Entitled Kid 

Mum = (I’ll leave you to figure that one out ;)) 

So a little bit of background first: 

EA and my mum used to get along good (well... as good as two sisters usually get on) but when EA had a kid almost all contact was dropped between them and she now only calls my mum to ask for “a small loan of (insert large amount of money here)” or other favours like her driving down to look after her EK for a day (she lives over 4 hours away) but “you can’t stay the night as I don’t have room” and gets offended when my mum declines. 

Anyway so as a sort of ‘olive branch’ (my mum got quite ill a few months prior and had one of those moments where she didn’t want any regrets when she died) my mum invited EA and her EK around for a few nights so they can catch up and whatnot.

So I’m waiting at the door, the car pulls up out front and I open the door when she rings the bell. 

Me: *opens door* “Hey Aunty Mar-“

Ea: “Hold this *shoves bag in my face which I take*” 

I kind of write this off since it WAS a 4 hour journey with a, most likely screaming, child. 

My mum and EA proceed to exchange pleasantries but I notice my mum is doing basically all the niceties (“how was your journey?” Etc. (Not really important to the story I just like to show that she’s not a nice lady)) 

Anyway so a few minutes go by, I make some Tea and a hot chocolate for EK (he didn’t ask for it, I was just being nice). 

EK: “it’s cold” 

It’s steaming at the top so I know he’s lying. 

Me: *laughs awkwardly and sits down* 

EK: *blinks at me* “it’s still cold” 

At this point I realise he’s not joking 

Me: “EK I can see the steam. It’s not cold.” 

EA: “oh he just watched ratatouille [for those of you who don’t know, ratatouille is an animated film about a chef rat] and is trying to be like *name of some character from the film*. Be a dear and remake one for him.” 

(Side note: from what I remember his character never says the food’s cold? But I could be wrong) 

I kind of sit still for a bit, not sure if she’s serious. 

EA: “now please! *laughs at EK who gleefully holds up his cup*” 

Now it should be noted at this point that my mum let it happen since she was desperate to get on with her sister. But that will change later don’t worry ;). 

Me: *knowing my mum wants this to work out* “sure whatever” 

I go into the kitchen and set down the mug out of view, rattle around with spoons and jugs and bring the same hot chocolate back. The kid is fine with it but EA? Oh no! 

EA: “you didn’t remake that! I just saw you put that on the side and bring it back out!” 

EK: *stops drinking* “MUMMYYYYY I WANT A HOT ONE!!” 

EA: “don’t worry hunny you’ll get a hot one” 

At this point I’m just annoyed, the kid was fine with it EA was just being a dick. 

Me: “well the microwave is in there *motions towards kitchen* knock yourself out” 

So I don’t cause a scene I leave the room and go upstairs to my room. Now recently I’ve started playing a new game on my PC called ‘Bioshock 2’ (for those of you who don’t know, it’s a horror game that takes place underwater) now a key point to both this story and the game is that in the game there are little girls who run around called “little sisters” and their job is to collect resources from dead bodies around the various game levels. Each one is protected by a huge man in a diving suit known as ‘big daddies’ which are usually referred to by the little sisters as ‘daddy’ or ‘mr bubbles’ (for whatever reason, idk xD) and in the second game you play as one of these big daddies and have to defend these little girls whilst they harvest the resources (if you’ve played the game or are super intelligent you probably know where this is going). 

Anyway so I boot up the game and begin playing, a few minutes pass and I assume EK gets bored because I hear him scampering upstairs and (without knocking) enters my room. 

Me: *knowing the game is quite gruesome and I shouldn’t play it in front of him, pauses the game* “hey! Could you please knock next time?” 

EK: “I don’t have to knock at home” 

Me: “you’re not at home” 

EK: *ignoring this* What’re you playing?” 

Me: “An adult game” 

EK: “but you’re not an adult!” 

Me: “aha you got me!” 

I don’t like him much but I get he’s a kid and, although he’s annoying as hell, I do recognise that I’ve got to bear with him a little bit since he’s only about 5-6 and doesn’t really know any better than to be annoying and squeaky. 

EK: “can you play some please?” 

Me: “not with you here mate, as I said, it’s an adult game” 

He storms out, slamming my door behind him. I was a bit confused since I, though annoyed, understood why I wasn’t allowed to play certain games when I was his age. 

A few moments pass and (this is where it gets a tad unbelievable so fair enough if you wanna call BS xD) in the game I set the little sister down and she begins harvesting the body and several enemies attack, attempting to get the little sister, just as I here footsteps coming up the stairs. I have a little eyerole as I know exactly what’s about to happen, it’s EA. 

She stands outside my door for a few seconds, I assume thinking of something to say, but I give it no thought. 

Just as she’s about to walk in (without knocking I might add) the little sister in the game gets attacked and lets out a high pitched “DADDY!” asking me (her guardian) for help. Now at the time I didn’t really think much of it as I know full well what I’m doing, whereas all EA knows at this point is that I’m a 16 year old boy and she knows full well what most 16 year old boys are... ‘motivated’... by. 

EA: *banging hand on door* “WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU!?” 

Me: “huh?” 

EA: *barges into room* [which if she thought I really WAS doing the thing guys do is pretty creepy] “WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU SHOW MY ANGEL?!” 

Me: *pauses game* “oh he asked to see the game and I said no since it’s an 18” 

EA: “DON’T LIE TO ME YOU LITTLE SHIT! HE JUST CAME DOWNSTAIRS CRYING BECAUSE YOU PLAYED AN ADAULT THING IN FRONT OF HIM!” 

Me: “what?? EA this is a game!” 

EA: “I JUST HEARD A WOMAN MOANING IN HERE! DON’T LIE TO ME!” 

Me: “what you HEARD was a character in the game. If you sit down I’ll show you!” 

At this point EK is at the door and wonders in 

EK: *points to pause screen* “that’s it!” 

Me: “I’ll play some of it for you to prove it’s not porn if you just sit down.” *gestures to bed* 

I’d like to point out that I wasn’t being aggressive at all during this. She was screaming at me and I was talking normally. 

Both of them take a seat on my bed. 

Me: “you might want to tell EK to leave, it’s a grown up game.” 

EA: *still angry but a little quieter* “if it’s good enough for you it’s good enough for him!” 

Me: *realising that didn’t actually make much says, plays the game anyway* 

BIG mistake. 

(Now I understand that I wasn’t smart in this situation and didn’t really think it through) I then proceeded to show her and her little brat about 2 minutes of me blowing enemies heads off with a shotgun and a huge drill (I did mention before it was gruesome). 

I paused, turned around and realised my mistake. EA looked mortified, however EK looked fine. 

EA: “WHAT KIND OF SICK PORN IS THAT!!?!?”

I was surprised, surely she couldn’t be that stupid, I was expecting her to flip out because I showed it in front of her kid. But no. She still thought it was some kind of kink I had. Because why wouldn’t you *eye role*. 

Me: “EA, it’s clearly not porn!” 

EA: “I’M TELLING YOUR MOTHER RIGHT NOW! AND WE’RE TAKING YOUR XBOX RIGHT NOW AS COMPENSATION!” 

(I decided not to point out that it was a PC not an Xbox) 

EA points to my monitor and holds out her hand like she expects to be able to carry like that and that I’d just give it over. 

Me: “wtf. No way!” 

EK: “I want it mummyyyy!” 

EA: “you can have it sweety” *to me* “Give it NOW!” 

Me: “no! Get the fuck out of here crazy lady!” 

EA tries to grab the monitor and I smack her arm away

EA: “DID YOU JUST HIT MY CHILD YOU FAT SLOB!” 

Me: “FUCK OFF NOW!” 

EA storms downstairs, dragging EK by the wrist and I hear her yelling at my mum downstairs. Calling her a bitch and whatnot for letting me have a computer for “that filth”. 

I hear a thud and rush downstairs, worried. Luckily it was only her EK having a tantrum on the floor. I’m watching from the staircase and EA hasn’t noticed me yet. 

EA: “what kind of shitty parenting are you doing! I demand to having his Xbox and we’re sleeping in his room tonight!” 

Mum: “look can everyone please just calm dow-“ 

My aunt slaps my mum. This is where I lose my shit. Now I’m 6’1” and am taller than my aunt by about a foot I’m also not particularly muscly but am quite big and, when wearing the correct clothes, can look like I am. 

Me: *emerging from staircase* “Out. Now.” 

EA: *ignoring what I said* “and YOU! LISTEN HERE BUDD-“ 

Me: “OUT. NOW.” 

EA: “what?!” 

Me: “GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY HOUSE NOW AND IF YOU COME BACK I’LL CALL THE POLICE!” 

At this point I’m about 2 feet away from her and she realises exactly how tall and (supposedly) muscly I am. 

(It’s also worth noting that I’d NEVER have touched her or her son in a violent way, but she didn’t know that.) 

EA: “You can’t do tha-!” 

Me: “I CAN! YOU AND YOUR LITTLE SHIT STAIN YOU CALL A SON GET OUT OF MY HOUSE RIGHT NOW OR I’LL MAKE YOU!” 

EA: “We’re family!” 

I was shocked at this. Like how can she even consider making that excuse when my mum was currently crying with a big red mark on her cheek.

Me: “Get. Out. NOW!” 

EA, realising she’s beaten begins grabbing her things and tells EK to get his shoes on so she can tie them. 

Me: “Nope. Out.” *points to door* 

EA: “YES YES! I’M GETTING HIS SHOES ON YOU DICK!” 

Me: “PUT THEM ON IN THE CAR NOW FUCK OFF!” 

EA moves towards the door and I open it for her, she’s grabbing EK’s wrist and is practically dragging him along whilst he wails that he wants my game. I throw a bag she forgot onto the ground and slam the door behind me. 

I immediately check on my mum who’s sobbing quietly clutching her face, she was fine and I think it was mostly shock but she was understandably devastated. She spoke to me later that night and gave me a huge hug, thanking me. 

Needless to say we didn’t hear from EA for several months until she apologised a few weeks ago and proceeded to ask for money. My mum blocked her. 

Thanks for reading the whole thing (if you did), I’d love to say this story is fake but unfortunately it’s not and I really am related to that asshole. 

EDIT: since everyone was asking I’ll just put it here, my mum’s fine now. She was diagnosed with cancer and went through chemo so wasn’t ‘herself’ for a while. Normally she’d have hit her back but she was mostly upset not because the visit was a failure but more because of what the visit represented. She’s fine now :)

---

## Top Comments

**u/SpeedTuberYT** (3,692 points)

Oh you are watching porn?
#GIVE THE PC TO MY SON NOW

**u/spideyfan2001** (3,611 points)

&gt;"it's an adult game"
&gt;"can't be that bad."
&gt;#-proceeds to blow some guy's head off-
&gt;#"WHAT KIND OF SICK PORN IS THAT?!?"

Edit: HOLY SHIT I HAVE LIKE 3K UPVOTES THIS IS INSANE THANKS A LOT YOU GUYS!

**u/FloppyCatIsTaken** (2,355 points)

Who in God's name would slap their sister and as soon as they're told to leave say "but we're family" 
like bitch dafuq?

**u/BlackKnight6660** (1,738 points)

Yeah. I was shocked since it was such a random move. Like even if that was some sort of porn why the hell would that mean I need to give the PC away xD

**u/BlackKnight6660** (1,573 points)

Essentially yeah that’s exactly how it went down 😂

**u/HeyItsXeno** (1,216 points)

For some reason towards the end when you were yelling, I kinda imagined it in Gordon Ramsey’s voice xD

Edit: Thanks for all the upvotes :D

**u/BlackKnight6660** (840 points)

Dammit! I missed my opportunity to call her a panini head didn’t I? Fuck!

**u/Cowboy_Corruption** (745 points)

Once that little shit-stain grows up a little and starts playing shooter games I'm betting mummy will have no issues with the sick porn then.

**u/CrayonWarrior1** (566 points)

Oh, you have porn apps on your computer? Let my 5-6 year old child have it.

**u/gjinselmonaj** (465 points)

Lol i was reading EA as electronic arts

**u/SpeedTuberYT** (427 points)

Yeah like if your child has it he Will probably check it if it WAS porn, and EA (perfect) would probably blame it on YOU

**u/merelymyself** (426 points)

This bij.

**u/BlackKnight6660** (417 points)

“This squid’s so raw it’s still telling spongebob to FUCK OFF”

**u/YeeYeeDepressee** (368 points)

You did pretty well considering English isn’t your first language also what did you speak before English?

**u/BlackKnight6660** (351 points)

Primarily German (with a little French) but when we moved here about 3 years ago I tried really hard to learn English (and certain bits of improper slang (e.g. smexy xD))

**u/HeyItsXeno** (341 points)

It’s focking RAW

**u/IlluminatiDisco** (237 points)

You'd be surprised. I have a 20 year old friend who has to hide gmod prop hunt from his parents because of the violence

**u/Sniper_bud1** (229 points)

Bitch wtf calling someone "family" after slapping your sister and basically almost assaulting her child? dafuq?

**u/shapookya** (226 points)

&gt;“EA this is a game”

So close...

**u/TheWordShaker** (223 points)

Yeah. What kind of a weirdo are they that they see porn on a box and go "I must have this for my young son!" ???

**u/shapookya** (204 points)

What kind of sick parenting is this where you let him have porn on his xbox? Give it to my son!

Outstanding move

**u/ghostreee** (184 points)

Because she's trying to keep them from being angry at her so that she can get shit from them later

**u/snicsnacnootz** (176 points)

My mom doesn’t let me play anything with guns but that hasn’t prevented my 700 hours in Rainbow 6 Siege

**u/John9827282** (161 points)

It’s good mate I thought you was born in England

**u/HeyItsXeno** (158 points)

You, you and you. FUCK OFF
