# "You can't just throw out a stranded pregnant mother and her toddler at 3am in the cold!" Oh yes I fucking can!

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/ATEEZ_Rookie_Kings  
**Score:** 22,331  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/awa12t/you_cant_just_throw_out_a_stranded_pregnant/  

---

Buckle up everyone for this bumpy ride

Okay so I was chilling in my living room around 3am playing some video games. My parents are out of town visiting some friends and I decided to stay home, house to myself and all. So here I am, in nothing but bra and panties, when there's a knock on the door. "wtf?" I think to myself, so I scramble to get my clothes on and I answer the door. It was a family acquaintance with her already whiny little brat. She's also visibly pregnant, and we'll get to why that part is important later

Me: hey name what's going on?

Her: my car broke down and tow company can't come get my car until tomorrow, think me and brat's name can crash here tonight?

Me: Sure you guys can sleep in the living room I let them in

Me: want anything to eat or drink?

Her: Coffee if it's not any trouble?

Me: sure no problem

So I go to make some coffee when I see little shit picking up my controller

Me: hey little guy please put that down

Her: oh can't he play a game?

Me: No I'm in the middle of something plus he wouldn't know how to play the type of game

Her: but he reeeealy wants to, don't you little shit?

Little shit: I WANT TO PLAY!!!!

Me: No, you can't play

Little shit: I WANT TO PLAY I WANT TO PLAY I WANT TO PLAAAAAAAAAAAAAY AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH throws the fucking controller at the tv shattering the screen

Me: WHAT THE FUCK? I rush over to the tv

Her: Hey! Don't you swear at my child!

Me: YOU JUST FUCKING LET HIM DESTROY MY TV LIKE THIS

Her: You're the one who didn't let him play the video game

Me: I said no and you have to teach your brat that he isn't owed JACK SHIT!

Her: how dare you! Just wait until I tell your mother about how you treated him, you'll make a terrible mom

Me: I'm not having kids, but if I did I wouldn't let them be spoiled little shits like brat!

Her: YOU are being the brat right now! Just get a new tv and quit whining

Me: Yeah I'll get a new tv with the money you pay me for the broken tv

Her: WHAT?! But YOU are the one who instigated little shit

Me: You know what just get the fuck out of my house you and your brat are no longer welcome in my house

Her: What the fuck is wrong with you? I'm preeeegant and have a toddler and have nowhere to go, you can't just kick out a stranded pregnant mother and her toddler at 3am in the cold

Me: OH YES I CAN YOU INSUFFERABLE CUNT! Get the FUCK out of my house before I call the cops

Her, picking her brat up and heading towards the door: just wait until I tell your mother about this!

Me: Yeah I'll gladly tell her about what little shit did to the tv and that you refused to pay for it!

Her: You'll regret this! leaves

The next morning I called my parents and explained what happened. They were very understanding because I was never raised to be a spoiled little cumstain and mombie cunt got an earful from my mom that if she didn't pay back we would take her to small claims. She tried to play the "oh woe is me single pregnant mother blah blah blah" shit but it didn't work and she forked over the $500 for the new tv and we cut contact with her

Edit: Incase anyone else was wondering, the reason breeder and her shitstain were out at 3am was because little shit demanded mcdonalds and refused to go to bed unless he got it

---

## Top Comments

**u/worthmawile** (4,592 points)

That edit made the story that much better lmao

**u/Eren03eren** (3,489 points)

&gt;at 3am was because little shit demanded mcdonalds and refused to go to bed unless he got it

This is so disgusting. The mom doesn't even have her child under controll....

**u/Beardie-Boi-420** (1,723 points)

#MCDONALDS UH UH AHHHRAAAA

**u/matepnew** (796 points)

I can already imagine the little brat whining because he hadn't gotten mcdonalds

**u/CorreiaTech** (693 points)

Basically Cartman

**u/MadmanDaJew** (574 points)

Lmao what were you playing?

**u/ATEEZ_Rookie_Kings** (560 points)

GTA V

**u/wojtek30** (452 points)

Lmao if someone knocked at night I wouldn't open it

**u/samthegiraffe** (443 points)

Well no wonder you wouldn’t let the little shit stain play it.

**u/Agravicvoid** (424 points)

buT MacDoNaLdS REEEEEEEEEEEEE

EM: FInE, but only because I’m raising you to be entitled because you are my little angel 😇!!

Edit: you’reeeeeeeeee and thanks for the cake day wishes!

**u/suprmario** (350 points)

Imagine *actually* raising a child to be a worse human than Cartman. Like holy shit you probably deserve some kind of prize for unadulterated failure as a parent.

**u/OOFdotPng** (296 points)

w o r s e

**u/GlancingChair55** (291 points)

McDDDDDDDDDDDD

**u/simsredditr** (255 points)

Is the controller ok???

**u/SilentDis** (242 points)

Give me, give me, chicken tendies

Be they crispy, or from Wendy's

Spend my hard-earned good boy points

On Kid's Meal ball pit burger joints

&amp;#x200B;

Mommy lifts me to the car

To find me tendies near and far

Enjoy my tasty tendie treats

In comfy big boy booster seats

&amp;#x200B;

McDonald's, Hardee's, Popeye's, Cane's

But of my tendies none remains

She tries to make me take a nappy

But sleeping doesn't make me happy

&amp;#x200B;

Tendies are the only food

That puts me in the napping mood

I'll scream, I'll shout, I'll make a fuss

I'll scratch, I'll bite, I'll even cuss!

&amp;#x200B;

Tendies are my heart's desire

Fueled by raging, hungry fire

Mommy sobs, and wails, and cries

But tears aren't tendies, nugs or fries

&amp;#x200B;

My good boy points were fairly earned

To buy the tendies that I've yearned

But there's no tendies on my plate

Did mommy think that I'd just ate?!

&amp;#x200B;

Tendies, tendies, get them now!

You fat, ungrateful, sluggish sow!

REEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!

&amp;#x200B;

I screech while hurling into her eyes

My foul-smell bowel-dwelling diaper surprise

For she who is unpooped on is she who remembers:

Never forget my chicken tenders

**u/shesinbatmanpajamas** (211 points)

And OP is right to say that he wouldn't know what to do anyway!

**u/michaelpalacio5** (202 points)

Asking the important questions. Controllers ain’t cheap

**u/Omran_t** (182 points)

He broke a tv for a game
I guess he would poisn his parents for mcdonalds

**u/Camry11987** (173 points)

Really? McDonalds? I'm trying to comprehend how by her logic was this going to solve her problem.

**u/KingKonchu** (173 points)

Epic GAMER GIRL IN UNDERWEAR destroys entitled WOMAN with CHILD, EPICALLY

&gt;Reddit eats it right up

**u/kidnappedbyaliens** (146 points)

but who doesn't whine when they don't get mcdonald's? 

(i'm being sarcastic the kids a fuckin brat)

**u/LifeAndDeath69** (140 points)

lol ikr

**u/neon_carrot213** (140 points)

Like, I don't wish to be murdered tonight!

**u/Hollywizzle311** (135 points)

Ok, so I’m not trying to be rude or an asshole, but I seriously feel like this sub (along with many others, like CB) has turned into an easy place for people to come, make up an absurd story and collect karma. I don’t know if this story is true or not, but I’m seeing a pattern with all these “how dare you”’s and “you’ll regret this!!”’s and it just sounds like a shitty Nickelodeon script for a villain to recite. I’m disappointed because it used to be so good!

**u/Noninvasive_Intruder** (111 points)

Why do people think you can't kick them off the property that you are currently in charge of, LAW STATES THAT YOU DO NOT HAVE TO LET PEOPLE ON YOUR PROPERTY
Also she should have put her toddler to sleep like 6 hours before this scenario, he wouldn't be asking for McDonalds if he was asleep now would he it is your fault you stupid bitch
