# EM brings her 4 kids to an adult only wedding

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/frynnsk2001  
**Score:** 22,237  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/dfechu/em_brings_her_4_kids_to_an_adult_only_wedding/  

---

I attended an adult only wedding for a co-worker a few days ago.   The actual ceremony was in a very small church so it was mostly family and close friends but the reception was for roughly 250 people.   The reception was at a very elegant hotel ballroom.   Not child friendly in any way.  Crystal stemware, expensive linens on the table etc.   

About 1/2 hour into the reception a commotion started that made everyone stare.   EM is arguing with the wedding planner loudly.  

Me being the nosy broad that i am inched closer to hear.  Turns out EM brought her 4 young children to the reception even though the invitations clearly stated Adults Only.   The EM insisted that her kids (im guessing at ages but the oldest one looked 8ish and the youngest was under a year old) were super well behaved so it was fine.  Now keep in mind this was around 730pm 

WP was having none of it.  She insisted that children were not allowed and she had to leave.  In a last ditch effort to get admitted, EM shouted at the bride.  

The bride went over and listened to her for a moment and then said in a syrupy sweet voice "of course you can come in EM,  but your children cannot"   she turned on her heel and went back to her new husband.  EM flipped a nut, yelling about how she was invited, couldnt find a babysitter etc.  3 of the groomsmen escorted her and her kids to the door

---

## Top Comments

**u/yoshifanx** (7,522 points)

Bride gives no fucks about EM and i love it

**u/Sootootoo** (2,909 points)

They say that you'll only get maybe a minute per guest at your wedding reception. Imagine wasting your one minute with the bride on throwing a tantrum.

**u/Weasle189** (1,416 points)

We also had a "no children" wedding. Well my husbands family decided that they were going to do whatever they wanted. They brought the whole pack of about 7 kids, to try get them out of the way we put them in one of the rooms for overnight guests. They trashed the room while the nanny slept and their parents later brought them into the reception anyway where they proceeded to steal guests cake and break several items.

We were never repaid the clean up bill and never offered an apology. They wonder why refuse to hang out with them.

(One of the parents also spiked my drink with alcohol at a separate event because "it would be funny". I am allergic to alcohol)

**u/BrianPurkiss** (862 points)

We had about 80-90 people at our wedding. A lot of people only got about a minute. 

We were simply doing everything we could to enjoy the day for us. It is one helluva whirlwind. The morning before the wedding is so damn slow - the wedding and reception goes by in a blink.

**u/BrownSugarBare** (817 points)

&gt;They wonder why refuse to hang out with them.

&gt;(One of the parents also spiked my drink with alcohol at a separate event because "it would be funny". I am allergic to alcohol)

_"We don't hang out with you because you tried to poison me, you absolute muppet"_

**u/[deleted]** (689 points)

When my brother and I were younger, maybe 12 and 10, respectively, my cousin had a “no kids” wedding. When my parents showed up without us, all of that side of the family had children running about and the bride and groom expressed their sorrow that we (big bro and I) had not come. 

Umm.. my parents had listened to their instructions and kept us home out of respect. I’ll never understand that logic but whatever.

**u/fastdub** (352 points)

I only did the rounds once and just felt like I was going through the motions

Wish I'd spent more time eating, drinking, and dancing.

**u/KrAsH42085** (339 points)

I didnt even get to eat 1/4 of my meal at my wedding. And one of my groomsmen decided to puke on me. But the best part, was watchin my brother carry my wife's druggy aunt on his shoulder, out the front door to the waiting arms of building security. (She wasn't invited, but we made the mistake of allowing her to stay. She got fucked up pretty quick and started a scene. She's still not allowed near my family 6 years later.

**u/trillaberries** (265 points)

My mum and dad were invited to a family wedding in Ireland we lived in England. We all flew over and bought my gran so she could watch us during the “no children” wedding. Turns out it was only us that weren’t invited, all the kids of the Irish family members were there. I still don’t get it now.

**u/EternalRemorse** (212 points)

If they couldn't get a babysitter then tough luck lol

**u/THEQueenMommy** (181 points)

-you absolute muppet

THUMP dead! I can’t stop giggling!

**u/nerothic** (169 points)

Shiny spine bride.

**u/_Little_Birdie101_** (157 points)

I’m having an adult only wedding (with the exception of our family because we know they’re well behaved and they’re older) but I’m still scared shitless that someone will show up with their kid or one of our young family members will ruin the ceremony.

**u/DOGSraisingCATS** (146 points)

Typical...an English person wondering why they aren't entitled to Irish things. (I'm kidding by the way...that sounds like a pretty shitty thing to do to your family)

**u/satijade** (121 points)

Why allow them to stay? It was asking for trouble. Like the story they should have been showed the door

**u/[deleted]** (120 points)

Man, I love these stories where they give zero fucks and just escorts them out while they scream and bitch

**u/missthickbiscuit** (110 points)

Ikr. And I don’t understand why she’d even *want* to bring 3 kids to a fancy wedding? I almost wanna believe they are a pretty well behaved bunch, cuz I love my kid and all but that sounds fucking exhausting to me.

**u/EvilCooky** (109 points)

Wait, it was your wedding and people didn't take you seriously?  
Wow... Sounds dramatic but I would have put the whole thing on hold until people actually respected your wishes

**u/DarthBiden** (106 points)

Congrats and a high five to that bride!

Love it.

**u/Youdontuderstandme** (103 points)

I had a similar experience.  My son was about a year old when my out of state first cousin got married.  My cousin wanted an adults only wedding reception.  She indicated she would locate a baby sitter for us (we said we would pay for the sitter) and although we had never left our son with a stranger, we agreed.  When we arrived for the wedding my cousin said she couldn’t find a sitter, so my wife would have to watch our son during the reception.  Well, I wasn’t going to make a stink, this is “my cousin’s day”, and we would honor her request about no kids.  But I wasn’t going to abandon my wife either - that wasn’t fair to her.  So we drove by the reception during the middle of it so I could briefly run in and see my extended family (again, we lived out of state and I didn’t get to see them often).  Low and behold there were more than a few kids there (like 10 or 12) of various ages.  I don’t know if those guests ignored the no kids request or were exempted from it.  But what really soured me on my cousin (who I was quite close with and considered like a sister) saw me she commented “Oh, you reconsidered coming without your wife?”  I replied no, they’re in the car. I just wanted to say hello to everyone since I don’t get to see them often.  “Ok” she replied and wandered off.   She could have easily said since there are other kids here you might as well invite them in. Nope - they weren’t invited.  Again - this was her day, so I wasn’t going to make a scene, but I haven’t been close with her since.  Just as telling, she hasn’t cared.

**u/surprisebride91019** (100 points)

Yikes

**u/NightValeAngel** (97 points)

I used to work for a catering place that did high end weddings. Most of the time we didnt have any issues with kids and they were usually great but one wedding made me decide that I don't want kids at my reception. It was an alcohol free reception due to one of the wedding party members sever allergy so all the adult were sober during the events that happened. I was working one station out on the floor where I made gourmet sliders and we had another station of finger foods like fruits and cheeses served with bamboo skewers.
 All the adults were on the dance floor so I was just chilling out at my station watching the room when I saw the kids all huddled around a table. The kids had taken several skewers and were setting them on fire using the candles in the table center pieces and were waving around the lit skewers like sparklers. They were also dropping them into the table cloths when the fire got too close to their fingers. I had to run over and grab my captain (so i wouldnt get in trouble for yelling at someones kid) to tell the kids off and then go to each table and put out the candles. I think one of the adults attending the party even got a little uppity that the candles were put out but I prefered that over having to rush everyone out due to a fire.
So yeah, if people can't (won't) control thier crotch goblins from setting fires during a sober party, I dont want to risk whatever could happen at a party with alcohol on mine and my SO's big day.

**u/hitthetraget** (92 points)

When I read groomsmen i thought I read gooseman
