# EM calls the police on me for "stealing" her daughter...who is my girlfriend...and an adult...

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/DerangedBehemoth  
**Score:** 22,150  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/gka29d/em_calls_the_police_on_me_for_stealing_her/  

---

Sorry this is so long, but I hope those of you who read it will enjoy it.

**Background:**

This happened about 5 years ago.  My fiance and I have been together 7 years this month (were hoping to get married this year but might postpone due to the circumstances).  We were reminiscing some old stories yesterday when this one came up, and she suggested I share it.  She was my girlfriend at the time and at the time I was fully aware that her mom was a few fries short of a happy meal, but this was the pinnacle of her behavior.  If you guys enjoy this story, I actually have a few more I shall share if you like.

Sorry for the length, but I hope you guys enjoy it. (FYI, there is a happy ending)

**CAST:**

EM: Entitled mom, my future mother in law

Girlfriend: Ellie

PO: Police officer

OP: ...obviously

**Story:**

Ellie and I weren't living together at the time, she just stayed over from time to time when she could.  I took her home after she had been staying with me a couple days and was heading to work.  But shortly after, just before getting to work, I get a phone call from her and I can tell she is in tears..

Apparently when she got inside, EM immediately blew up on her about being gone for SOOO long, even though it was only 2 days and she TOLD EM she was going to be gone and kept in contact with her while she was gone.  But Ellie just sorta brushed it off and went to her room.

EM's house was pretty much your stereotypical crazy cat lady house.  House badly decaying, cat's all over the place, going to the bathroom in random places and whatnot.  And when Ellie gets to her room, she realizes while she was gone, the cats pissed and shit all over a pile of her clean clothes. 

But whatever, Ellie decided to just bag them up and she would wash them next time she came to my place (her mom didn't have a functioning washer at the time)...and apparently, that REALLY set EM off.   
EM apparently thought Ellie was bagging her clothes because she was planning to go BACK to my place that night stay another few days.  So she stomped into her room, grabbed the bag, ripped it open, and flung the clothes all over the room along with the cat shit and piss while screaming at Ellie that she's not going anywhere!

That's when Ellie ran outside and called me, she was so upset and didn't know what to do.  Her mom had been doing crazy stuff to Ellie since I'd been with her, but up until I just helped her however I could while not getting involved and not saying a word to her mom.  I told her to go ahead and get the things she needs, and I'll take her to my place.  She said she would love that.  I told my work I was gonna be late due to an emergency, and turned around to go pick her up.

When I pulled back up to the house, Ellie was in the driveway crying.  I went and hugged her, told her it was gonna be ok and that she could stay with me as a long as she wanted.  So she went back inside to get her things.  As I was standing outside waiting, I heard the door open again and went to help Ellie with her things...uh oh...it's her mom.

EM comes stomping out with her hair crazy and frizzled, and an old night gown.  She beelines for me and gets right in my face.

EM (with an extremely thick high pitched southern accent): My daughter said I need to come out her and ask what you think of me! (I knew that was a blatant lie as Ellie would NEVER instigate this).  You got something to say?? Huh?? You think I'm trash don't you huh?? thats what you think isn't it??

Again, up until now, I'd COMPLETELY kept my mouth shut, and was trying to maintain that.  But this woman was up in my face, freaking out, and was tormenting the woman I loved, so I finally looked at her and broke my silence.

OP: Why do you treat her like this?

EM: \*GASP\* WHAT DO YOU MEAN?? THATS MY DAUGHTER AND I WORSHIP THE GROUND SHE WALKS ON!!!

OP:  Oh really? So calling her a slut, bitch, cunt, and whore is worship? (Yes, I've heard her say this with my own ears)

EM: \*GASP\* I WOULD *NEVER* SAY ANYTHING LIKE THAT!

OP: (getting rather irate) Bullshit! I've HEARD you say it!

EM: \*EXPLOSION\* YOU GET YOUR FUCKING ASS OFF MY PROPERTY!!!!!!!!

Ok, I almost never find myself in situations like this, so I'm not used to it.  I say that because after she said this, I pretty much saw red.  I'm not proud of it, but I just started shouting every curse word in the book I could possibly think of at the top of my lungs while she went back in the house.  But thankfully, that only lasted a few seconds and I immediately calmed down.

So finally Ellie comes back out with her stuff, we put it in the car and I assume its over...

But Ellie turns to me and says

Ellie: I'm sorry but we can't leave yet.

OP: Why not?

Ellie: Sigh\* mom called the cops

I sorta had a feeling that would happen, no big deal.  So we just sat and waited for the cop to arrive.

After about 10 minutes or so, a cop car pulls up.  Right when he does, EM comes out of the house, and oooh my god.  Yes, she was doing EXACTLY what you think.

She INSTANTLY puts on the fragile brittle old lady act.  Hunched over, walking slowly, the whole gig.  And of course, when PO asks her what happened, she has to pitch her entire medical chart to the guy.  Ellie will tell you this woman has been terminally ill for 12 years LOL.

So when she finally gets done trying to milk this poor guy for sympathy, she tells her version of what happened.

EM: Sir, he came onto my property and verbally attacked me!  He's awful to me sir and I've never even done anything to him!  He's turned my daughter against me and is trying to convince her to leave!!

At first, he seemed somewhat sympathetic to her...until he turns to Ellie.

PO: Ma'am, this is your boyfriend?

Ellie: Yes sir

PO: Ok, and how old are you?

Ellie: Sir...I'm 23

This was my favorite part because the officer looked up from his notepad with a look of "wait, what?".  Obviously he was thinking Ellie was a minor or something based off of how EM was acting, but quickly realized just what he was dealing with.  Eventually he turns to me;

PO: Ok sir, please give me your version of what happened.

I did so.

Funny side note, at one point PO looks up at me and says...

PO: You look really familiar...do I know you?

It actually turned out the PO and I had gone to high school together.  Once we recognized each other, we laughed and shook hands and very briefly.  This was hilarious because out of the corner of my eye, I see EM has a big scowl on her face as she sees me getting friendly with PO.  but ANYWAY...

PO puts his notepad away, and turns to me.  Just FYI, he says the following with this heavy tone of "I know that you are fully aware of this and don't believe you are in the wrong at all, but I have to say this as a formality."

PO: Well OP, she doesn't want you on the property, so be aware that if you come back here you technically can be charged with trespassing.  Do you understand this as I've explained it?

OP: Absolutely sir.

EM: But sir, I want to press charges!

PO: He didn't do anything illegal ma'am.

EM: But he verbally assaulted me!

PO: I understand that, and while that was ill-advised (he slightly turns to me and gives me a small gesture with his hand, and I nod in agreement), it's not something I could arrest him for.  He agrees he will not come back on your property without your direct permission.

EM: Ugh! ok fine whatever!  Ellie, come back inside!

Ellie: What? No!

EM: You heard PO, OP is leaving and you're staying here!

PO: Whoa, ma'am, I didn't say that at all.

EM: BUT...BU-

PO: Your daughter is not a child ma'am, she is a full grown adult, she has every right to go wherever she wants.

EM: I'm her mother! She lives under my roof! I told her she needs to stay here so she needs to stay!!

PO: No ma'am, thats not how it works. If she wants to go stay with her boyfriend, there is absolutely nothing you can do to stop her.

\*EM starts the fake crocodile tears and stomps in the house in defeat\*

Ellie and I thanked the officer, got in the car and left...we've been living together ever since.

**HAPPY ENDING:**  Believe it or not, EM isn't really much of an EM anymore.  Over the years since that day, EM has actually decided to make an effort to try and improve herself.  I guess she realized that if she didn't make changes, she would lose her relationship with Ellie.  So EM started taking advantage of her medical coverage and went to see her psychiatrist and got medicine for mental illness she actually had (as opposed to the ones she would make up).  Since then...well, she has actually gotten WAY better.  She takes her medicine regularly, and has a boyfriend that is an EXTREMELY kind man and treats Ellie as though she were his own daughter.  So basically, EM isn't really an EM anymore.  We actually get along very well and we see them frequently, and we help each other out whenever we can.  We actually look back on the early years when she WAS in fact an EM and laugh.  So not only is everybody getting along well, we can actually share the cringe stories and happily laugh about them.  If you guys would like to hear some more, let me know.

EDIT: OH MY GOD!!! Thank all of you guys SO MUCH for your upvotes, awards, kind wishes and positive support!  I’m so glad you guys enjoyed this so much! 
I am absolutely blown away by your responses! and so is Ellie!  We greatly appreciate it all!  

A lot of you have said you would like to hear more, so either tonight or tomorrow I’ll post another story that we call “The Jellyfish story”, and I’ll put “Ellie’s Mom part 2” in the title.  

THANK YOU GUYS AGAIN FROM THE BOTH OF US!!!
🙏😊❤️💯

---

## Top Comments

**u/SnorkelsNecessary** (3,761 points)

It's very refreshing to read one of these that has a happy ending. It's also good to hear that you and Ellie are still together. I'm glad the EM got help and that she changed her ways, too. Overall super happy after this story. Thanks for sharing it, OP!

**u/DerangedBehemoth** (1,118 points)

Thank you so much! and you're welcome!  Like I said, I've got a couple more stories that I might share later.  They are much shorter and more lighthearted honestly lol.

**u/ssgssvegeta12** (293 points)

What a nice happy ending, even though you had to deal with an EM in the past but this shows that not everything has to end up being a sad ending.

**u/someone_who_is_** (225 points)

An EM becoming a non EM is one of the rarest things ever man. You should consider yourself lucky 😉

**u/DerangedBehemoth** (179 points)

Definitely.  It actually restored a lot of faith in humanity.  I give a lot of credit to her boyfriend especially.  I seriously can't even begin to say what a great man he has been, especially to Ellie.  Her relationship with her mother overtime made a complete 180, its a borderline miracle in my opinion.  But I think it just goes to show that good things can happen, and people can change in ways that you least expect.

**u/RaZZeGod** (177 points)

At least a few people get a happy ending. Glad you were one of them.

**u/Clashrslash** (109 points)

This was a beautiful story. It read so smoothly and was great from start to finish. 5/5

**u/LongPastDueDate** (102 points)

An EM having a true mental illness that can be treated is perhaps more common than we think.  So glad yours has gotten the help she needed!

**u/DerangedBehemoth** (98 points)

Oh absolutely!  She was pretty much entitled and insane.  There are still a few quirks here and there, but overall she and her boyfriend have SERIOUSLY been incredibly good to the two of us.  I never imagined it would be this way, but THANK GOD it is.

**u/EggBegg** (57 points)

Bruh 20/10

**u/dragonwarrior949** (53 points)

420/69 story right there, good thing you got a happy ending

**u/trophyboy1121** (49 points)

Honestly, It is more common than we think. The problem is that the majority of them do not have that moment of "oh crap, I should get help." or else they don't believe in psychiatry/medicine. Not to mention the fact that there is also a mental disorder that renders you unable to see your own faults. TL;DR: The human mind is a crazy place lol

**u/Nkromancer** (42 points)

Glad to hear she made the effort to actually improve herself.  Especially since you're marrying her daughter now.  Congrats, by the way~

**u/rcrane65** (30 points)

Wtf kind of rating is that? This is obviously a perfect 5/7 story

**u/SoulGrif** (30 points)

i have to give you congrats on two things. One congrats mate on the engagement(idk if i am pronouncing it right english isnt my first languge). And Two this is the first story i have heard of a em getting actual help.

**u/starlie086** (29 points)

Yay for you and Ellie! Yay formally EM and her lovely boyfriend. I’m so glad this turned out well for everyone. I, for one, would love to hear more stories, especially with the happy ending. That’s so rare here.

**u/Drakeskulled_Reaper** (22 points)

The ending actually makes me enjoy this story alot more, Like fifty million of these stories are about an EP who never changes and either the poster just bears with it or cuts contact, but to read a story where an EP realized they were the problem and actually worked on getting better and can look back and go "what the hell was I thinking" is wholesome as fuck.

**u/DerangedBehemoth** (20 points)

Thank you very much!

**u/KKlear** (19 points)

Optimus Prime, the leader of the Autobots.

**u/Kallen_Emilia** (18 points)

Deep down, I believe the ex-EM knew that if she didn't get her act together, she'd lose out on seeing her daughter grow up happy. That means she still loved her enough to admit her own fault, and then mustered up the resolve to change herself for the better. And yes, you did spell "engagement" right!

**u/PokemonTrainerAlex** (17 points)

I think OP means the ex-EM's boyfriend, not that  confusing

**u/reallyshortone** (16 points)

I wonder how many other of the stories on this reddit involve untreated mental illness like this one does? I would imagine quite a lot. Good thing she actually did something about it.

**u/fujiman** (15 points)

Without rice, I'm afraid that's not possible.

**u/gundam_gpo3** (15 points)

nice

**u/LycanWolfGamer** (14 points)

Huh, the odds and I'm glad you're both happy :D 

The happy ending is really heart warming you don't see that often
