# My mom turned her guest room into a nursery after I told her she will never meet my child

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/Morosa3  
**Score:** 22,142  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/hhroia/my_mom_turned_her_guest_room_into_a_nursery_after/  

---

I am currently pregnant with my first child and both my mom and step dad have been terrible to me and my partner the entire time. Told us we would be unfit parents because we arent married yet, legitimately screamed at my partner for "knocking up their little girl" even though we planned the pregnancy. They would call him everyday and harass him, and showing up to his work. Try to convince him to leave me so I would have no choice but to move back in with them. It got worse as time went on. I finally decided to cut contact with them. Having a child can already be a stressful time and having them around to make it worse was not something i was okay with. My partner and I have gone through a lot with family drama the past couple years and having this baby has been one of the most exciting things for us. If my parents cant be nice to my partner then they dont get to see our baby. Plus they are the kind of people who dont wear masks in public and actively choose to be in large gatherings with no social distancing, so them seeing a newborn is out of the question. One day I sent my mom a very detailed email of why she is not allowed to be apart of my life anymore and will not be seeing her grandchild. To make things even better, I also noted that we will be moving across the country shortly after she is born to be closer to other family members. 

So not only is she cut off, but we are literally moving far away and never coming back. 

She responds by showing up at our house at 11pm screaming outside our door about how it is her baby and she deserves to be there for it. I tell her to fuck off and eventually she leaves. 

Months go by and she will text me randomly asking about technical problems with her wifi router or something and needs help. Little things like that don't mean much to me and I sent her the info she needed. My cousin also had a virtual baby shower and sent my invitation to my moms house accidentally so my mom came by to give it to me. Things slowly came to a point that we were fairly amicable with each other but I still stood my ground about our boundaries and nothing else had changed. She knew this. 

Then she sends me a video today that blew my mind. She redecorated her entire guest room to be a nursery. Crib, changing table, $400 worth of newborn clothes, toy chest, stroller, a car seat for her car, and the list goes on. In the video she is in tears saying "omg I can't believe my baby is going to be here soon, this is where she will sleep, where I will change her little diapers, these will be her toys". 

Is she psychotic!? HER baby?? Sleeping and living at HER house?? What!? 

So I call her up immediately and I reiterate that we are still moving across the country soon and that she will have no contact with the baby before that. Her response? "Oh okay we will see about that!" 

Genuinely confused. What part of "you will have no contact with this baby" does she not understand or thinks will change in the next few weeks when she is born? Is she planning on stealing her from us? I am at a loss for words.



Edit: Wow so many great tips from you guys! Thank you for the advice, I showed my partner the comments I have been getting and I think we are starting to take this more seriously and will be contacting a lawyer on Monday. I wanted to mention a couple things to clarify as well:

- I have been seeing a psychotherapist the past few months strictly due to the relationship I have had with my mother throughout my life and all of that is documented. My midwife and hospital is also very aware of the situation and the emotional stress I have been going through. So we will definitely be utilizing this in the case that she tries to sue us or call CPS. Also, due to the virus, only my partner is allowed to be with me during the birth anyway. We will be keeping things hush until after we move. 

- We would have moved months ago if it was financially possible for us. We also spent a lot of money on my birth center here that is non refundable. She is due in August and our lease ends in September. We already have everything set up to move, and our other family is helping us out, just a waiting game at this point.

- My partner is my power of attorney if something happens to me during the birth

- We are currently in a state that is against grandparents rights. The only way she would be able to sue for visitation is if both myself and my partner were deceased. Even after we move, she still cannot file for GPS if she is living in this state

---

## Top Comments

**u/lala0073** (4,792 points)

Watch out, she might files false police reports about you being unfit. Or about y'all abusing the baby, when she arrives.

**u/cycad77** (3,267 points)

Contact the police and (maybe) a lawyer. You might want to think about getting a restraining order. And without doubt you  should make certain that the hospital where you deliver knows that neither she  nor your stepdad should  be allowed anywhere near you or the baby.

**u/ashlytd** (1,934 points)

Also keep anything you could use as evidence later on incase she pulls this shit.

**u/alialena** (1,744 points)

Once the baby is born it is very likely your Mother will call in false reports. The best way to be ready is to follow this list.  
 

**Food in fridge and pantry**

**dishes done**

**clean fridge with food stored properly**

**childproofing if needed,**

**adequate clean clothing in her size and for the weather**

**toiletries**

**her own bed**

**generally clean living environment (they would expect it to be somewhat lived in)**

**tables, counters and floors clean,**

**halls and all places of egress clear.**

**Any potentially dangerous items (guns, knives) locked up.**

**Check fire detectors**

**CO2 detector and fire extinguisher.**

**First aid kit available but stored high.**

**Medications out of reach.**

**Have most recent medical report and school report on hand.**  


Other than that start calling around to see if you can get an order of protection from your Mom.

**u/helga-h** (1,169 points)

And the video where she says the baby is going to be with her is a pot of gold. It shows intent. It shows how she sees the future.

**u/alialena** (1,065 points)

Get CPS ready now. She wants your baby is going to do anything to get it. Keep all contact to texting or emails. Make a paper trail. If you need any help pm me and I can give you more advice. Stay safe.

**u/SarahPallorMortis** (1,052 points)

I really don’t wanna hear another story about a pregnant woman having their baby ripped from their womb. Finding the mom dead. Jesus.

**u/HygorBohmHubner** (811 points)

&gt;"Oh okay we will see about that!"

Inform your husband about this and always be on the lookout. Your mother might as well kidnap your child once it's born. Make sure to not disclose where you'll be having birth to anyone.

IDK if I'm giving good advices since I've never been in your position. I just wish nothing bad happens to you and your child, OP. Good luck!

**u/Shiranui34** (666 points)

This, me and my wife are currently expecting too, and I'm convinced that my MIL is going to pull this kinda shit because I haven't had work since the pandemic hit.

**u/Valo-FfM** (620 points)

This is creepy beyond everything. This video should go to the cops yesterday plus filing a No-Contact and Restriction order.

Another redditor pointed out that crazy grandmas have killed the mother or ran away with the baby and if she put up a room like that am I pretty sure she would or could be the next one.

**u/Morosa3** (575 points)

Would you suggest calling cps or even a lawyer now and talking to them about her making a false claim on us?

**u/alialena** (559 points)

I would contact a lawyer as well as call the non-emergency line for your local PD. The best thing you can do right now is to build up a paper trail to show how dangerous she is and could become.

**u/Morosa3** (515 points)

How exactly would I go about getting cps involved now?

**u/Morosa3** (461 points)

He is very aware of the situation as well and has been feeling extremely uncomfortable about it all. We are definitely looking forward to moving. We will be keeping things hush once she is born until we move to avoid her doing anything crazy

**u/alialena** (442 points)

Also, because it slipped my mind make sure when you give birth to register as private. Tell them you do not want any visitors and give them your Mother's picture.

**u/Jagermind** (426 points)

ANOTHER?!?!?!?!

**u/DeadMemeBrother** (388 points)

Hey buddy, if you haven't already put up some security cameras just in case, reason am not putting this as an actual comment is that op would be moving shortly after, and that would be kind of a waste.

**u/Fraerie** (365 points)

Another bit of advice I've seen in other subreddits is start taking longer and longer to respond to anything on social media that she may be able to see. The last thing you want is a show down while you're in labour or on the way to the hospital. If you routinely take a long time to respond to everyone, no responding isn't a cue that's you're in labour.

**u/cancer2009** (338 points)

Yeah  I’ve seen news articles and a few episodes of dateline about that.

**u/parigesher** (327 points)

And do not respond to her when she asks you for small things. This is her opening the door and establishing a relationship. Hold firm on your boundaries and keep all emails and text messages. Record phone calls if necessary

**u/Katt_Natt96** (309 points)

It might be extreme but I suggest a restraining order. She won’t stop and I can guarantee that she’ll try to either take your baby or something else that’s extreme. 
I’m sorry she’s doing this. It sucks. If you need to chat at anytime to get stuff off your chest as a stranger I’m here for you, stay strong and know that you and your partner have made the best decision for your child and yourselves

**u/queensleepsalot** (283 points)

You need https://www.reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/

You’ll see how often this is a thing and they can give you great advice on boundary setting!

**u/Amidy1403** (264 points)

Someone give this dude an award they deserve it

**u/adhgjl** (257 points)

The year I had my little one, a crazy MIL on baby bumps came into their house in the middle of the night to take their baby. She claims it was to give them a rest, despite never having discussed this prior.

**u/Morosa3** (240 points)

She believes that since she gave birth to me that I am hers, so anything that comes from me is also hers. It is psychotic but that's what she thinks
