# Entitled mom gets her daughter and her friends to accuse me of rape and demand I be kicked from an art contest.

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/BeetsXBearsFanFic  
**Score:** 21,754  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b46bmr/entitled_mom_gets_her_daughter_and_her_friends_to/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/ReaderDragon02** (3,861 points)

Wow that was a wild ride from start to finish. Shouldn't the principal have known you were a girl? I mean couldn't they have looked at your file? Also you painting sounds amazing, do you have a picture of it?

**u/BeetsXBearsFanFic** (2,462 points)

Thanks but I don’t have a picture or copy of it, it was hung in the art room but got destroyed (along with everything else from the competition and other people’s class work) when some dumbasses brought in waffle machines and tried waffling different things and set off the sprinklers.

They got their asses kicked by some of the art students afterwards so it was avenged.

(I’m considering redrawing it, if I ever get it done I’ll let you know.)

*None of the art was waffled, the water from the sprinklers destroyed them. They brought their own stuff to destroy.*

**u/Grey_Light** (1,215 points)

I really can't stand ANYONE who falsely acuses people of being rapist. Seriously.  
Not only because it can pretty much ruins someone life, but it also ruins for everyone who was also actually raped.

**u/DakRob1991** (972 points)

You should call the police immediately. A false rape claim is extremely serious. The girl and her mother might even do it again to someone else if they aren’t taught a lesson from it.

**u/BeetsXBearsFanFic** (776 points)

It’s probably to late for that.

EM and EG both got huge dents in their reputation from this. They were actually shunned for a while from their peers (is it still peers while you’re an adult?)

EG walks with her head down, avoiding eye contact when she sees me. I doubt they’ll try anything that stupid again.

**u/itsnuclear** (632 points)

If you do draw something pls draw the em and the eg’s face when they were told that you were a girl

**u/conservatismwillwin** (612 points)

False accusers are some of the worst people to exist. Only child molesters, actual rapists, animal abusers, and murderers are worse

*Change my mind*

**u/Darkbalmunk** (468 points)

Pretty sure the principle is an idiot and almost had a stroke.

First of all he was supposed to pull your records. second of all he was supposed to talk with your parents before hand but I'm on the idea that they told them the word Rape and the first thing to their minds would also be "With what?"

**u/-Jaime-** (324 points)

YES. and call it realization or the stupidity of EM

**u/GameOfUsernames** (318 points)

1. A school principal would *NEVER* bring a suspected rapist into the office with a possible victim. End of.

2. A principal would involve police and not be “waiting for OPs parents to come in.”

3. A principal would *NEVER* bring in witnesses to “testify” against a suspected rapist. 

4. Coming from someone who has worked in federal law enforcement and been a part of numerous sexual assault investigations, I will say if you’re a principal and you even think about doing any of what is in this story you will get chewed the fuck out by law enforcement, a DA, and possibly ruin any type of case that may exist against the suspect. 

5. If EM’s justice is simply to kick someone from the art contest then everyone including the principal will be suspicious. 

6. And if anyone needs this listed a principal isn’t going to call a rape suspect into the office before pulling their file. 

OP is a liar.

**u/ProfessionalDish** (284 points)

&gt;hat school and some people from my year are still debating on my real sex and gender.  
&gt;  
&gt;TLDR; Entitled mom gets h

no, its  not! And get the principal to confirm what happend. If you don't want to press charges, thats fine (everyone is young and naive at a certain point in his life) but if they get away with this like that they will repeat it. And don't just think of her, think of all the woman who GOT raped and no one believes them.

&amp;#x200B;

EDIT: Or imagine what would happen if they'd succeeded? You life would be ruined.

**u/Jagiamo** (268 points)

I love how during the talk with P you already knew these fuckers were gunna say you had a penis. You were like an anime villian, "you fool! You only activated my trap card!"

**u/Distantstallion** (200 points)

This is why, speaking as a rape victim, I think people accused should be kept anonymous until proven guilty. 
Anyone who makes a provably false claim should be heavily punished

**u/Legendary_Gaming553** (187 points)

LOL.

"I'm not a boy"

&amp;#x200B;

\*silence

**u/killer_orange_2** (185 points)

For the record, the school should have a database with your assigned sex or chosen gender listed. Why he didn't check before hand is a mystery

**u/smoothie-slut** (172 points)

And the woodland animals all began to clap

**u/BrownSugarBare** (171 points)

Your parents should have sued the school and the dumbass Principal for not even knowing the goddamn gender of his students before accusing one of rape.

**u/Skar-Lath** (156 points)

There's a special hell for them.

Along with people who talk in the theater.

**u/WynnChairman** (149 points)

&gt;
SG: Oh, so that’s why you wear your PE clothes under your normal ones


wait so... were you using the guys change room??

**u/Witchynana** (140 points)

Real big mystery.  Even bigger mystery how the girl only got suspended for a week and no police were involved.

**u/BeetsXBearsFanFic** (138 points)

My class before gym was right next to the locker room (I don’t know how I would’ve survived if it wasn’t) so I was always the first one there and in the gym before any of the boys.

The social awkwardness in me was determined to play along and avoid confrontation.

**u/olsontho** (131 points)

This 100% sounds like a story a high school student would make up.

**u/OlySamRock** (114 points)

*trap*

**u/Niniisan** (113 points)

Those that assume, through clichés, what gender you are... damn, what a bitch. "THIS BOY RAPED ME" while you friend and parents proved you weren't nor near EG, nor a boy.

**u/viscool8332** (93 points)

EM: This boy-

Me: I’m not a boy.

&amp;#x200B;

# To Be Continued

bada bum bum bum bum ba dum
