# Daughter was 6 hours late to interview. EM yells at me for making her cry.

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/RussianAnnaB  
**Score:** 21,689  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/j7fec6/daughter_was_6_hours_late_to_interview_em_yells/  

---

Hello everyone. Long time creeper on here. Never thought I’d run into an entitled entitled mom (EM) but. Here we are. 

So I’m 20F. I am a dog groomer. Been one for 4 almost 5 years. The big thing is dog grooming is reputation, quality, and time management. Yesterday we were expecting a girl to come in at 10 to try out as a dog groomer. She was promising. 23 or 25 years old. Worked as a dog groomer at other places. She didn’t show till 4:30. No call. No nothing. She apparently had a hair appointment and friends from out of town came in so they got their nails done. She asked if she could groom now. I said no. I don’t think so. When she pressed I said and I might be a jerk for saying this “We don’t want or need you. There’s no need to reschedule your try out.”  I went back to get my last two dogs done. Apparently, she cried and I was starting to feel bad. 

Now EM time. Her mom came in this morning demanding we give her a second chance. I told her “Your daughter was 6 and a half hours late. That’s not something that works in dog grooming”. EM replied, “She was with friends. I’d think someone your age would understand that.”

Me “not when there’s a job interview. She didn’t call or anything.” At this point, I was ticked and over it. I have five dogs to get done. She said,” well there was no reason to make her cry!” I said I disagree and got back to work. Apparently, she stayed up there and demanded we give her another shot. As head dog groomer I said not gunna happen. She left eventually saying her daughter was too good for us.

Hello everyone well this blew up. Thank you for all the comments. I’m reading through all of them and will try to reply to as many as I can. Have a good day everyone!

---

## Top Comments

**u/toddfredd** (4,841 points)

Unfortunately I see my nephew in this. He thinks he deserves more than “just a job” My brother asked me to get him an interview at where I work.  It paid $17.00 an hour and advancement opportunities.  Kid never showed up. Said It didn’t pay enough and he was worth more.  I’ll never stick my neck out for him again.

**u/reallyshortone** (3,356 points)

Funny, as a child from another time, my mother, upon hearing this, would have said to ME, "Well, that's what happens when you don't take a job interview seriously. Next time, be on time."

**u/RussianAnnaB** (1,824 points)

When I was running late to my first job my mom had no sympathy and told me that I need to grow up and get out sooner. No way in hell was she going to go and defend me lol

**u/Triatomine** (1,654 points)

I worked fast food, then as a waitress. I am now an ICU nurse and I will say 1000%, nurses I work with that did fast food or restaurant work in high school or college are always the best. Know how to work hard, be on your feet all day without complaining, can multitask, and can manage difficult patients and families. They know HOW to be busy if that makes sense. Food service is an excellent way to train a young person how to work hard and as part of a team.

**u/my_my_my_delihla** (1,559 points)

I hear Burger King calling for him.

**u/toddfredd** (1,131 points)

No. In his word. “Fast food work is for losers.”

**u/666pool** (1,058 points)

I also did fast food in high school. Had a mostly positive experience, learned a lot about responsibility, and it was a great way to be social during the summertime.

I used the money to buy my first computer. Now I’m a computer engineer! A job is a means to improve yourself, not a critique of your current worth!

**u/DaniMarie44** (716 points)

Yeah, my mom would be so embarrassed if I was 6 hours late to an interview and COMPLAINED about it...and I'm in my 30s 😂 no way she'd defend my dumb ass.

**u/noodlepartipoodle** (483 points)

What a moron. And she was late because she got her hair and nails done. Car accident made her late? Sure, I might give her another chance. Hair and nails? She clearly can’t be arsed to take on the responsibility of a job.

**u/janeursulageorge** (448 points)

Yep, as soon as I hit teen years my mum would not let my disorganised behaviour be turned into 'her' emergencies. 

Certainly makes you pull your socks up and take responsibility for yourself.

**u/TheKillstar** (309 points)

I worked at a Chilis and learned that you shouldn’t be upset about getting fired by a shitty boss when you are in the right. My next boss loved me so much they paid me extra under the table.

**u/thegremlinator** (244 points)

lol my dad says almost the same thing, “your lack of planning does not constitute an emergency on my part” and damn it’s true

**u/MusenUse_KC21** (174 points)

My mom would have given me the 'you are a dumbass' look for being late. Hell, I can barely stand being minutes late, how the fuck do you miss an interview by 6 hours and expect to still have a shot? That's just stupidity in it's finest!

**u/k1r0v_report1ng** (169 points)

How delusional do you have to be to think showing up 6 FUCKING HOURS LATE to ANY sort of appointment is going to end well? This dumb bitch would probably have a doctor's appointment at 1 or 2 in the afternoon and show up 2 hours after close at night-time and complain about the place not being open.

**u/Thoughtxspearmint** (161 points)

That's *so* accurate. I was fired a couple times when I was younger, and it absolutely demolished my self esteem. I finally found a field I was good in, but in retrospect I could have done pretty well much earlier if they had been better managers. Instead of giving feedback, they chalked my lack of understanding up to me being a poor worker instead of just training me.

**u/Seraphyn22** (153 points)

"Oh had to get my hair done, friends showed up so had to get a manicure" I would be so embarrassed.. Such a lack of respect and professionalism. 

There is no way I would ever defend and demand a second chance for my child. But then my children would never put me in this postion. 

\-QOTD "Your lack of planning is not my emergency"

**u/Philsie** (151 points)

"The animals also made appointments to get their hair and nails done, and they were on time.  Sorry, we need someone as punctual as the animals. Ta-ta!"

**u/queerflowers** (138 points)

That kid needs to learn that a job is a job. There's no loser jobs.

**u/orioyn** (134 points)

EM: MY DAUGHTER IS TOO GOOD FOR YOU SHE WILL BE HIRED BY PEOPLE WHO SEE HER VALUE

me: i don't think taco bell is hiring.

EM: HOW DARE YOU

me: i think the pink pony is hiring

EM: GOOD SHE WILL WORK WITH ME

(em storm out)

me:............. note to self find new club

**u/roxan1930** (131 points)

How much is he expecting to be "worth his time"?! To me $17 an hour sounds like a great pay! (or am I just used to being poor?

**u/exscapegoat** (119 points)

Exactly, something unforseeable and you call as soon as you are able?  Bad luck and I'm willing to give you another chance.  Something like this?  If that's how you behave trying to make a good impression, I can only imagine how much worse it will get if you get hired.    


Even if her plans changed, the thing to do would to be call ASAP and ask if you could reschedule.  If not, then decide which is more important.

**u/naliedel** (113 points)

If my kids were 6 hours late to an interview...they would not do that. 

They are not perfect, but they know better

**u/ScarilyCheerful** (107 points)

My dad's edict on job interviews... Be a minimum 10 minutes early, or don't even bother showing up.

**u/Mech_Kid** (106 points)

These are the only people I can even relate to at my job. People who haven’t worked shitty customer service jobs tend to have a broken view of society and complain about the dumbest shit

**u/toddfredd** (102 points)

I agree. But he has been pampered his whole life and has never been pushed to do something.  This was NOT how my brothers and I were raised.  Chores, yard work, after school jobs if we weren’t playing scholastic sports. It’s very frustrating to see what this kid gets away with
