# Entitled family arrives late to restaurant, demands Wi-Fi and insults my Great-Grandparent they end up paying 20 times the price of the menu.

**Sub:** r/entitledparents  
**Author:** u/Chipotito  
**Score:** 21,609  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b09co3/entitled_family_arrives_late_to_restaurant/  

---

Edit:

Platinum! Many thanks kind stranger!

Silver too! &lt;3

&amp;#x200B;

Good Morning Reddit, just allow me a few disclaimers before I start.

\-First have in mind that this story takes place in the north of Spain (Asturias) therefore I will try to give the necessary context so the cultural barrier is as little as possible.

\-Second that this is my first post in this community.

\-Third I'm Spanish so please forgive me for any orthografical (edit: it's orthographic /facepalm) or gramatical mistakes (However, feel free to point them out to me if you want)

\-This got longer that I expected, I'm missing an XXXL tag :)

&amp;#x200B;

Now let's get started! First of all i will give out some **context**, so feel free to skipthis and go directly to the story.

This took place a couple of years ago, when I was 17 and I used to spend part of my summers helping in my grandpa's restaurant. The restaurant was located in the bottom floor of our family house in a little village (30 inhabitants) and my great-grandparents (The parents of my mom's mom) lived in the upper floor. In the restaurant my great-grandmother and my grandma were in charge of cooking and my great-grandpartent and grandad were in charge of attending the tables. It was kinda small as it had like 8 tables of four on the inside and we could set another two outside if the weather was good. As the restaurant also served as a bar it was filled with locals and as many of them were retired they used to spend the whole day playing cards and drinking beer/wine, so although it was a small location in summer usually was full of people. Also please have in mind that my great-grandparents founded this restaurant in the year 1941 therefore it was well known and had a good reputation among the locals. I'm also proud to say that my great-grandparents were very loved in their community as they really were great people.

Although it was a quite remote place, in summer we used to get like 4 or 5 groups of tourists per week and the rule was that my brother and I were in charge of serving their tables as we were the only ones who knew any other language than Spanish.

Our opening hours at the time were from 12:00 to 22:30 but the kitchen was only opened from 13:00 to 15:00 and from 19:30 to 21:00. We only served one menu, composed by a starter, two main dishes, dessert and cider or water (10€)

&amp;#x200B;

So now the **story**. For convenience I will use the following abreviations:

Em: Entitled Mother EF: Entitled Father SK: Spoiled Kid (7 years old)  GGP: Great-Grandparent M: Me

&amp;#x200B;

It was arround 16:00 therefore most of the customers had finished eating and were chatting over a cup of coffe or some liquor, my grandparents and great-grandparents were still eating as they waited until everyone was finished. Therefore my brother and I were in charge of serving the tables just in case anyone wanted something else to drink.

&amp;#x200B;

Suddenly we hear a car outside and I can hear a woman loudly speaking in English, as soon as they enter this happens:

EM: We would like to have a table, X from the Y Hotel told us this was a great place to eat.

M: I'm sorry ma'am but the kitchen is already closed as it's kinda late.

EM: Yes it's late because we got lost in this dammned roads! Is it so difficult to put proper signals? Also we have a little kid that is hungry.

M: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that, let me check If I can do something for you. (I then went inside and explained the situation to my grandma who told me to attend them as everything was already prepared and it would be just heating the food)

EM: Well are you going to give us a table or not? If the kitchen is closed how is it that those people are eating (pointing at my grandpas)? (at the moment I thought she was behaving like that because she was kinda hungry and I wasn't really used to dealing with rude people, as the majority of tourists used to be really respectful)

M: Well those are the owners, so they can eat whenever they want. (I said this while laughing a bit) Anyway I have just asked them and you will be able to eat too, so please follow me to your table.

&amp;#x200B;

They follow me to the table and I explain to them that there is only one menu, they give me a strange look but they seem ok with that. I serve them the bread and I put a bottle of water on the table, they start devouring the bread so my "They were a bit rude cause they were hungry" theory seemed to be confirmed.

&amp;#x200B;

As soon as I bring the starter EF demands to have the Wi-Fi password.

EF: Hey, we have seen that there is a Wi-Fi network, which is the password?

M: Yes, there is one. However the Wi-Fi is for the staff personal use. (We had a measured and reeeeally slow connection that had like 5Gb of data which my grandpa used for checking some newspapers and my brother and I used for sending whatsapps to our friends.)

EF: That's bullshit! We are paying customers and we deserve to have access to your Wi-Fi!

EM: Yes, our little angel wants to watch some videos. We don't have any kind of internet access here!

M: Sorry but as I have said it's for personal use.

EM: That's not right, this would be unnaceptable in America

M: Well, I'm sorry to inform you that we are not in America

The EM tells something to the SK and then he starts running arround the restaurant stomping his feet and shouting

My Great Grandparent comes to me and ask me what is happening, I explain the whole situation to him and he ask me to please translate what he is going to say.

GG: Please lady control your child, or I will have to ask you three to leave.

EM: DON'T YOU DARE TELL ME HOW TO RAISE MY CHILD YOU DINOSAUR!

EF: DON'T GET CLOSE TO MY CHILD YOU OLD CREEP!

By this point everyone is of course looking with disbelief to these morons.

I doubt for a sec but translate all of this to GG expecting a not really nice reaction.

Instead of saying anything he slowly turns arround and ask two men who are sitting on a table to take the whole family out of his restaurant.

I proceed to explain to the family that if they don't get out, those two men who also happened to be two Guardias Civiles (like rural police forces) would be taking them out.

They don't seem to believe that those two men were policemen and they refused to leave until we served them.

Finally both men stood up, showed their plaques and asked them (in their best English) to leave.

EM EF and SK finally stand up and leave, however as they were leaving the policemen realised that they had parked in front of our garage blocking it (in a zone signaled as a no parking zone) so they decided to ask for their rental car papers while taking a couple of photos and giving them a 200€ fine for blocking a private property garage.

&amp;#x200B;

Okay, this ended up being far longer than I expected. On my behalf I have to say that I have family in the USA and that all Americans I have met in the USA are really nice people so please don't take this as an american-bashing post.

&amp;#x200B;

I hope you all have a good day!

---

## Top Comments

**u/ckat910** (3,855 points)

Ok I’m American and imma just say to this family that we don’t just give away private wifi like candy.. Demanding for staff wifi is extremely rude and I don’t know how anyone has the nerve to do so. Ok that’s all I had to say. That was a nice story!!

**u/orioyn** (1,451 points)

as a american i apologize thanks to these dumb fucks are image is bad. thanks to years of brain washing people tend to believe the whole because i am from here i am superior or every 1 must speak English.

**u/avascrzyfknmom** (945 points)

The kids around my house (and adults) are all related to me but NEVER speak to me or my kids. They will sit at the end of my driveway or in the driveway next to my house and log on to my WiFi. I finally got tired of it and figured since they aren’t paying for the shit and do not speak to me, every single o e of them can get fucked. I changed the names of my WiFi to “this shit ain’t free” and the admin WiFi is now called “go fuck yourself”. Both have passwords. I had some pissed off relatives for a while and a few even asked me for my password. I mean these fucks would sit in my yard by a damn tree with their phones and just use my WiFi. Pieces of shit. 

Update: I just got a damn text message from one of my relatives (one that I associate with) asking for my password for a relative that I do not talk to. She asked me if I changed it to “go fuck yourself” and “this shit ain’t free”. Why yes, yes I did, and as the name suggests, they can go fuck themselves. I didn’t give my password and my relative thought it was funny. 

Thanks for all of the upvotes !! I appreciate it !

HOLY CRAP ! Someone gave me a silver for this comment ! Thank you so much ! I don’t know exactly what it means, but from what I’ve read, it’s a good thing ! Thank you anonymous stranger !

**u/Chipotito** (642 points)

Many thanks!

**u/Chipotito** (632 points)

Thanks for reading! and no need of apologizing for them. I know plenty of nice americans and also plenty of spanish jerks.

**u/Chipotito** (503 points)

It's amazing how people believe they are entitled to have internet access whenever they go.

**u/nerdy-nanny** (466 points)

They might not have gotten a meal, but those EPs got some *just desserts*.

**u/cutezombiedoll** (447 points)

Yeah I suspect they thought they could get away with it by claiming that's the norm back home. Most places don't allow customers to use staff wifi, and while it's super common for places to have wifi for customers it's not exactly universal.

**u/Kahmael** (318 points)

When you used the word "orthographical" to explain any spelling mistakes and then I had to look up what that meant, I knew there wouldn't be any spelling or grammatical errors.

**u/littlehorse82** (201 points)

Right, big corporate chains will probably have free WiFi, but your average privately owned restaurant most likely won't.

**u/pinkrockr77** (158 points)

Lol american restaurants usually have a guest wifi so thats probably why these people were so rude

**u/Usernameplo** (154 points)

I will say America maybe seen as a diabetes epidemic, but I assure you the jerks only live on McDonalds.

**u/halfwaygonetoo** (136 points)

Your English is fantastic. 

Your Great Grandfather is wonderful.

**u/snacdaws** (135 points)

But unless they(the restaurants) get enough traffic it's usually too slow to do much of anything

If I were OP I would have said, so are you going to pay my Internet bill when you cause me to go over then

**u/PHDwolfHD** (134 points)

The only place I would expect to have free WiFi would be Starbucks and even then I probably would not use it.

**u/OkBobcat** (131 points)

&gt; M: Well, I'm sorry to inform you that we are not in America 

Am American, love this. 

&amp;#x200B;

**u/Chipotito** (122 points)

An interesting fact that I did not include in the story but you might like is that the house itself is older than the USA.

**u/Chipotito** (115 points)

Ouch

**u/_Not_A_Spam_Bot_** (101 points)

Would've been better if the car got taken away, then they would be *desserted*

**u/cowpod** (98 points)

and kfc. dont forget kfc. or burger king. or any of the countless others

edit: (3h after, obligatory since it CAN be taken the wrong way) you're _only_ a jerk if you live on said food chains..

edit: otherwise you're **not** a jerk.

edit: some /s

**u/merlinofcamelot** (92 points)

Just don't lump Chick-Fil-A in there. The people there are usually angels (this is coming from someone who worked in one for 8 months).  


Well, except this one time, this guy demanded a refund for a sweet tea he bought simply because he "waited in line for too long". Normally, I would've been like "Yep of course, my pleasure" as our customer service policy goes since they basically use old MK-Ultra techniques to hard-wire you into compliance with the policy. But of course, me being an internet gremlin with an iron will urging to be a dickhead sack of shit, I just laugh. But I knew what was coming next, so I just walked in the back, got the manager (who was about a head taller than me and infinitely more menacing, I was a 5'7" 15 year old at the time), and explained to him everything the customer had told me, verbatim, in front of the customer, as the dude was nodding along like "yep that's right".   


The manager laughs in the sweetest sounding baritone chuckle I've ever heard come out of that 6'4" chocolate fountain of a man. 

&amp;#x200B;

He refunded the dude his whopping $1.50, because company policy and whatnot, but that laugh was priceless.

**u/Chipotito** (90 points)

Ahahahaha, thanks I guess :P

**u/R7142** (80 points)

r/assholetax

**u/interact211** (80 points)

r/PunPatrol GET ON THE FUCKING GROUND

**u/Mesoscale92** (75 points)

I’m American, and my parents taught me to NEVER act like this when traveling abroad. They were terrified of being the stereotypical rude American tourists.
