# i might die in 7 hours, and I'm not afraid.

**Sub:** r/TrueOffMyChest  
**Author:** u/CaptAndrew12  
**Score:** 114,189  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/t9m7fl/i_might_die_in_7_hours_and_im_not_afraid/  

---

I (14M) have a bone disease known as Multiple Hereditary Exostoses (MHE). It causes benign bone tumors to grow everywhere on my body. Although they aren't cancerous, they are very painful when they are near a nerve. 

A lot of these tumors have grown in my knees, fingers and ribs. You can probably guess there are a lot of nerves and muscles there that can be pinched and pierced. It hurts quite a lot. I am constantly at level 5 pain (scale of 1-10). I can only walk for up to 2 minutes, I can't write (with a pen, if I couldnt type this post wouldnt exist lol) and I'm basically in agony.

We have decided I will go for surgery to saw off some of the most painful tumors in my knee. Hopefully this will restore my ability to walk. The doctors have also decided we should remove 2 of my ribs, which have cracked due to the tumors. They'll be replaced with metal I think.

There is a 20% chance of death with all these very complicated procedures, and of course a chance this surgery doesn't change anything, or even makes it worse. Rolling a less than 6 sided dice to determine if I live or die. But to be honest, I don't really care what happens in this surgery.

If it works, great, I can walk again. If it fails and my condition stays the same/deteriorates, I've adapted to this disease enough. I can probably handle a few turns for the worst. And if I die, well, I suppose then there is no more pain.

My friends say it is wrong for me to feel okay about dying. I'm not suicidal, I wouldn't kill myself if I had the chance. But I don't exactly care if I die at this point. It's in fate's hands at this point.

Comment anything, in 7 hours, I'll be on the operating table that'll determine my destiny.

EDIT: Soon about to enter the operating room. Welp, this is it. Let's see our fate

EDIT 2; I'M ALIVE, LES GOOOO. Recovery pain's a bitch but otherwise, I'm fine

EDIT 3: Here is a post showing an extremely large update. https://www.reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/tsroac/update_3_weeks_ago_i_might_have_died_now_im_alive/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share
