# I found out that my boyfriend of 2 years is married and has kids, I'm showing myself to his family tomorrow at his church.

**Sub:** r/TrueOffMyChest  
**Author:** u/Throw_awayP9767  
**Score:** 77,263  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/t26b1s/i_found_out_that_my_boyfriend_of_2_years_is/  

---

Throwaway because I don't want my followers to see this. I'm just so confused right now and need to talk to somebody.

I've been seeing this guy "Adam, 32" for 2 years. He's from another town but visits me on weekends. I never met his family, friends or been to his town. I know that he works at the church and he takes pride in that.

3 weeks ago, I found out that he's actually married and has 2 kids, I was devastated and in a state of disbeleif but most of all, I was mad, especially after I confirmed this via his wife's social media account. We're still talking and I haven't broke up with him yet...I planned and decided to show myself to his family on Sunday at his church and let them know that he used me and took advantage, I plan on ending it right there and then. I'm currently in his town staying at a hotel, I'm doing this tomorrow and no one knows except myself, He's still texting me lies thinking that I'm stupid or ignorant. I feel terrible but something's pushing me to do this. Don't know if it's anger or feeling bad for his wife and kids..I just...I'm not gonna lie I'm worried this might back fire at me but at this point I have nothing to lose, I just feel like I need to get my respect and dignity back after being lied to and fooled for 2 years.
