# Tomorrow, I'm going to ruin his life

**Sub:** r/TrueOffMyChest  
**Author:** u/Clean-Stable-7973  
**Score:** 73,891  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/va7hu2/tomorrow_im_going_to_ruin_his_life/  

---

I have been with him for 3 years now. We planned on getting married when our lives settle down. I wanted to start a family with him, I loved him more than anyone else in this world. I've sacrificed so much for him, moved away from my home, turned down jobs so I could stay with him, and stood by his side as he started to go back to school. I gave him my world.

And he cheats on me.

I found out over a month ago. The scumbag got cocky, and I found out he was cheating on me, with 2 different women. One is a TA at his university, the other his best friend's girlfriend. I am livid. I write this post choking back venom. I loved him so much. He was my world, but now he will be the world I burn to nothing but ash.

I pay for everything since he quit his job last year to go to school. I was more than happy to help him, I make enough to support us both. The only upside is the student loans are in his name with no connection to me. It will hurt to push the scumbag out to sea, but I will survive.

I have held out for a month, enough time to create what I call "The day his world burns" Tomorrow we are hosting a party. I arranged for his family to come, but my family will sadly not be able to make it. I have packed everything valuable already, and the suitcase is in the back of my car. My brother will come during the event tomorrow, to take the car that is in my name that the dirtbag drives to my parent's house. The joint account, which is all my money anyway, is already empty.

The event will be great, and he thinks it's for us to announce our engagement to his family. What will happen in reality is I will announce my departure from his life. I have already taken a job out of state, and have lined up a new place to live. I will start by telling everyone what he is into. The screenshots of him asking his friend's girlfriend to piss on him, and the many other fantasies his degenerate mind came up with will be passed around. I will hand him the notice to vacate, as I have already broken our lease. We need to be out by the end of the month. I will then end off by informing him I have already reported he was sleeping with the TA for one of his classes the previous semester to the university and that I am sad I won't see the fallout from that. His friend also has a message for him that I will deliver, informing him that his friend group never wants to see him again as well.

And with that, I will leave. I will not look back. I will set his life on fire and walk away.

&amp;#x200B;

edit:

2 hours, and over 5k upvoted. I should have expected my story and plan to get popular. I will update once all is said and done.

&amp;#x200B;

Update:

I have made an update. Go find it.
