# It's been a year, if you still refuse to wear a mask you're just plain fucking stupid.

**Sub:** r/TrueOffMyChest  
**Author:** u/TheQuiver41  
**Score:** 57,721  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/liysng/its_been_a_year_if_you_still_refuse_to_wear_a/  

---

Edit 3: Okay now, so some people literally sent me texts saying i should kill myself and stuff for saying what i think about a certain group of people? I swear to god you all NEED to grow up and stop making everything political ffs! This is a subreddit for speaking about what we want isn't it? No matter how different it is from your opinion, you all should be ashamed of yourselves seriously to think you have the right to harass people just because they don't agree to your agenda!! I'm not even American I don't give a shit about your politics okay?? What I said is about public health, get it? You people from r/NoNewNormal need to get mental help, it's not okay to threaten people just because you think you're right. Like wtf people? What does wearing a mask have to do with freedom huh? You just like to be against common sense, and call everyone a "sheep" and stuff, i know you think your government sucks, idk much about it as I'M NOT AMERICAN. But this is not that okay? If you think what I said offended you for god knows why reason just downvote it and scroll by! Or is that taking away your freedom too? Ffs

People have to go out, there is work there is things to be bought, etc.. in my case because school is shut down we go to teachers in public centers for this kind of stuff (not all of them went online)
So here i am, wearing my mask and trying to stay away from people, forced to sit in a room with 20+ people close to each other and only 4 are wearing masks! And thats the case everywhere! I rarely see one now and it just.. angers me. I can't imagine catching this shit because of some entitled idiot that i have no idea how are they even in school if they're that stupid, and the only time i've seen a teacher talk about this he literally said "i don't care whether you wear a mask or not" like dude.. i seriously hope you get it because you just encouraged all the idiots in front of you to risk their health and everyone around them.
And because this year will decide what college i'll go to and it's too late now to change teachers because they're all ahead of this idiot and i'll miss a lot so i have to continue.. honestly this pandemic made it VERY clear on who has a working brain and who barely has 2 brain cells.

Edit:
Wow, you guys seriously surprised me i didn't think many of you were here on this sub lol, i made my statement clear, and i made it even clearer in my replies down there, i won't reply to any of you again because it's pointless, you call science while you follow conspiracy theories and shit and you literally have zero concerns for anyone's health around you, you just care to stay entitled enough.

Edit 2: I had no idea so many people would get triggered lmao, keep going fellas, sure we're the sheep and everything.
