# As a parent, I know full well that you can't pause an online game. That's why I give you clear instructions on how much time you have left. It's your job to plan accordingly.

**Sub:** r/TrueOffMyChest  
**Author:** u/supergolum  
**Score:** 57,011  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/hxwykw/as_a_parent_i_know_full_well_that_you_cant_pause/  

---

I'll probably get downvoted to hell for this, but it's the truth. 

I always give my kids updates on how long they have left. Ex: dinner's ready in 30 minutes... 15... 5 minutes.

If you just started a 15 minute match, knowing full well you have to stop in 5, it's your own damn fault. I gave you a deadline, when it's over you shut your game.

Edit: Holy crap, I just woke up and saw this exploded overnight! Thank you for the replies, the awardsand tge multiple death treaths I've received! 

Couple of things since I can't answer everyone.

1: I'm a dad, lot of people assumed I was a mom. No worries

2: This is something that has been discussed with my kids beforehand. We've talked about the importance of time management and how this ties into it.

3: Dinner is always around the same time. Bedtime is always around the same time. If dinner is in about 45 minutes and you play a game that can last up to two hours, then you probably should play something else at the moment.  (Although my kids don't play most of the long games you mentioned, no smithe or LOL etc. Mostly fortnight and Overwatch)

4: Again... death threats? Some of you guys need to chill...
