# TIFU by buying everyone an AncestryDNA kit and ruining Christmas

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/Snorkels721  
**Score:** 149,680  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/a99fw9/tifu_by_buying_everyone_an_ancestrydna_kit_and/  

---

Earlier this year, AncestryDNA had a sale on their kit. I thought it would be a great gift idea so I bought 6 of them for Christmas presents. Today my family got together to exchange presents for our Christmas Eve tradition, and I gave my mom, dad, brother, and 2 sisters each a kit. 

As soon as everyone opened their gift at the same time, my mom started freaking out. She told us how she didn’t want us taking them because they had unsafe chemicals. We explained to her how there were actually no chemicals, but we could tell she was still flustered. Later she started trying to convince us that only one of us kids need to take it since we will all have the same results and to resell extra kits to save money. 

Fast forward: Our parents have been fighting upstairs for the past hour, and we are downstairs trying to figure out who has a different dad. 

TL;DR I bought everyone in my family AncestryDNA kit for Christmas. My mom started freaking. Now our parents are fighting and my dad might not be my dad. 

Update:  Thank you so much for all the love and support. My sisters, brother and I have not yet decided yet if we are going to take the test. No matter what the results are, we will still love each other, and our parents no matter what. 

Update 2: CHRISTMAS ISN’T RUINED! My FU actually turned into a Christmas miracle. Turns out my sisters father passed away shortly after she was born. A good friend of my moms was able to help her through the darkest time in her life, and they went on to fall in love and create the rest of our family. They never told us because of how hard it was for my mom. Last night she was strong enough to share stories and photos with us for the first time, and it truly brought us even closer together as a family. This is a Christmas we will never forget. And yes, we are all excited to get our test results. Merry Christmas everyone!

P.S. Sorry my mom isn’t a whore. No you’re not my daddy.

---

## Top Comments

**u/joeyracer** (43,492 points)

Excellent Christmas drama. OP update us on who is your new dad.

**u/iron-while-wearing** (33,812 points)

Love the mental image of all the kids in various states of inebriation sitting in a circle playing "guess the bastard". 

"Lookit this guy! Lookit that fuckin' nose! You see the rest of us with that nose?"

**u/OgKushKush420** (30,383 points)

OP please let me know which one is my dad as well.

**u/dick-nipples** (26,854 points)

I mean, it is OP’s mom so any of us could be the father.

**u/NoelGalaga** (23,261 points)

* Best case scenario: one of the kids has a different dad
* Worst case: all of the kids have a different dad
* Worster case: all the kids have a *different* different dad.

**u/M0shka** (22,674 points)

Could be the nose.....Could also be the fact that Jake is black.

**u/l1ttlel4dy** (22,434 points)

“and we are downstairs trying to figure out who has a different dad”

I’m sorry but that made me giggle.

**u/mnyc86** (20,203 points)

Not enough dna test kits in the world for that

**u/ebroms** (19,384 points)

I had the opposite thing happen. I did 23 &amp; Me and found out that my first cousins, who I'm not close with (they were estranged for a long time from my dad's brother), also had done 23 &amp; Me because it matched us as first cousins.

I told my dad this and he was like wait, it said that Karen is your first cousin? And I was like yeah? And he asked to see it and then he said, I have to call my brother.

Turned out that my uncle has been convinced for decades that his ex-wife had an affair and his youngest daughter, Karen, wasn't really his.

Turns out she has been this whole time.

**u/fabsterpal** (17,327 points)

&gt;She told us how she didn’t want us taking them because they had unsafe chemicals.

This adds so much to the authenticity of the story. This is exactly the kind of thing someone comes up with on the spot to try, and fail, to hide something.

**u/Fakeplastiq** (13,327 points)

Your mom is a DNA test kit

**u/lunchladyshand** (13,060 points)

Hahaha..  sorry, not funny, but a similar thing happened with me.  My mom bought both of my sisters DNA kits and when I inquired as to why I was left out she told me my results would be the same as theirs, so I asked why she bothered getting them both the kits and she got dead serious and told me I needed to stop.

**u/NixonCarmichael** (12,791 points)

People who were just banging away in the 80s and 90s didn’t see this one coming. Damn.

**u/calebsfreakingsick** (11,794 points)

With ancestry you inject unlabeled chemicals via syringe and then mail your feces a day later

**u/foofad** (11,456 points)

Everyone hears about this kind of shit but you never expect it to happen to you. 

A guy found me on 23andme and it turned out we had 12.5% dna in common making us close cousins. But then I found out he was born in the fifties which makes cousinship impossible. 

It turns out he’s my half uncle. And in the process of figuring out how the hell he eluded the family, it turned out that the guy we thought was my great uncle was actually my uncle - my grandma hid the fact that her very younger brother was actually her kid. And he was this guy’s brother. 

Those kinds of bombshells can completely rewrite your family tree. It’s wild. 

Edit: this blew up overnight, I just want to add that there was no fault involved - my grandmother had an extremely rough early life in WW2 and into postwar Europe. There’s zero judgement for her choices (and it’s not clear how much was even her choice to begin with). She passed away several years ago so some of the reasoning and specifics will never be understood.

If your family has a strange adoption story or gave a child up along the way, remember that it was a vastly different time with a difficult social landscape. Be gentle and considerate of folks.

**u/justauwguy** (9,634 points)

Best case scenario is no one is someone else's kid but the mom cheated and wasn't sure if one of them was

**u/TooShiftyForYou** (9,544 points)

Given your parents reaction, you weren't the one who fucked up here.

**u/dman4835** (7,360 points)

My father also used the AncestryDNA kit. He didn't find anything unusual in the results, exactly what he thought it would be. But something weird did happen after he checked the box to allow "close matches" to contact him.

Well, soon after he gets contacted by a woman he had never met who lives over a thousand miles away from him, saying that Ancestry told her that the two of them are cousins. Genealogical records show no relation, but she told my Dad that of her three siblings, only one of them had the "expected" ancestry report. Their parents were no longer living, so no one to ask.

Anyway, upon further conversation, my Dad finds out that when this woman was born, she lived in the same city as most of my Dad's family. So he asks her to send him a picture, and he swears, "It's uncle Louie in a wig!"

**u/J-Pablo** (6,588 points)

Ah shit my past on Xbox comes back to haunt me

**u/bowyer-betty** (6,484 points)

Jesus Christ, dude, it's Christmas Eve. 

Another guy's candy cane in her stocking.

**u/PM_ME_UR_CATS_TITS** (6,344 points)

Lol? Wut? Why even get one then?

**u/thundergun661** (6,204 points)

This actually just happened to some non-direct relatives of mine, essentially my uncles in-laws. 

His brother in law and the wife have three kids who all did 23AndMe, and found out the oldest girl is not his daughter, but some other guy that his wife slept with early on in their marriage, got pregnant and thought she’d be able to hide it forever (the daughters like 32 now so they didn’t have at home DNA tests back then and she probably never foresaw that being a thing). Long story short we kind of always knew because she didn’t look like anyone else in that family but when they found out they all flipped on their mom about it and now the parents are getting divorced.

Merry fucking Christmas

**u/ohboycookies** (5,892 points)

Shit, now I'm remembering how my mom didn't want me to get a 23 and me kit last Christmas. Her reasoning was that it was a waste of 99 dollars and I could just average the results from her and my father's exams...

**u/signin11** (5,412 points)

You’ll forget soon enough.
