# TIFU / My (20F) girlfriend of two years told me the music that I (25M) play during sex is weird and a major turn off

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/TylerLife  
**Score:** 141,105  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/x35iu6/tifu_my_20f_girlfriend_of_two_years_told_me_the/  

---

A little back story; when I first started having sex I researched into ways to be better as I was a little stiff and pretty much had no idea what I was doing. I read online that you can play music and match the rhythm in order to put on a better performance.

I searched love making songs and started slowly creating a playlist in which I was comfortable matching the rhythm.

There are a few songs to my playlist. However there is one song in particular, which actually happens to be my favourite, that my girlfriend hates and says turns her off in a major way. 

I don’t understand why it has taken her two years to tell me she hates that song, it’s a good love making song with good rhythm. I feel the way I fucked up is I could have possibly asked her previously if she likes the playlist or any songs she’d like to add/change. But to leave it for two years thinking our sex life is great but in her eyes has just been ruined by my music has left the whole situation feeling awkward and I’m a bit annoyed. 

I pretty much played this tune every single time so the amount of times she must have not been enjoying it, when I thought the complete opposite is annoying but also embarrassing in ways. 

Not to mention my previous partners, however they never complained about the song so maybe it’s just her?

It’s fucked up the relationship tbh because sex feels awkward now. The other day we were having sex with no music but I was still thrusting to the tune playing in my head. She recognised this and asked me to stop.  

I thought this song was perfect and I always thrust along with the tune and feel it gives me the perfect rhythm for doing the deed to. I usually bust to this song and find it devastating she hates the song. 

[the song itself](https://youtu.be/KAwyWkksXuo)

TL;DR She hates my love making tunes and didn’t tell me for over two years making sex now awkward.

---

## Top Comments

**u/anewfeeling** (45,593 points)

Post the whole playlist you coward. I wanna see just how bad it is.

**u/kam1756** (37,343 points)

What the fuck made you think this is a “love making song”? This is some shit Plankton would play while fucking his computer wife.

**u/SolKaynn** (36,199 points)

This man's literally fucked his girl to robot dolphin sounds.

**u/Kamard** (29,251 points)

This sounds like an inflatable clown toy falling down the stairs.

**u/BestWingmanEver** (27,606 points)

I just outright refuse to believe this

**u/fredsam25** (21,786 points)

Perhaps, and correct me if I'm wrong, you shouldn't follow the same set pattern, set rhythm, and set song for sex for two years straight. She must be bored as shit.

**u/calculuschild** (19,420 points)

This is the song that plays when the psycho clown at a haunted carnival is stalking you.

It's like straight up serial killer music.

**u/WindigoMac** (19,178 points)

Without the song playing she can still tell that he’s thrusting to a specific song’s tempo 🤣
I’m dead

Edit: listened to the song in question. OF COURSE she can tell you’re thrusting to THAT song. It’s got the most awkward staccato rhythm I’ve ever heard.

**u/ScubaAlek** (17,582 points)

I tried it on my wife for the sake of science and she asked if I'd acquired a head injury. We are 0 for 2 on this one bud.

**u/sareth450** (17,222 points)

This must be a GodTier Shitpost lol. 
I admire your gf's commitment and willpower I cannot stop laughing at mere thought of someone fucking to that song and rythm.

**u/1202_ProgramAlarm** (17,044 points)

Bro fucks like a dial up modem

**u/bohanmyl** (16,999 points)

Whole playlist? I dont even know how the end of the song goes because i busted in the first 30 seconds. How could anyone make it to the next song??

**u/niko4ever** (16,557 points)

I listened to that song and literally have tears in my eyes from cracking up. Thank you for making my day, and my sympathies dude for the absolute roasting you are getting and will continue to get in this comments section.

As to why she didn't say anything, I can only assume she was hoping you would get tired of the song eventually or change up your playlist, so that she wouldn't have to tell you herself and make things awkward. Agree that 2 years is a long time.

**u/xxanity** (16,304 points)

no way can someone be this clueless. 

no way. I refuse to believe it. 

&amp;#x200B;

First, you shouldn't be playing the same song every time you bang...

 second, it should never be this song...

it's absurd that this was even thought of, joke or not.

**u/kernJ** (10,910 points)

I'm dying at the idea of this guy using music as a thrusting metronome. I mean holy shit she actually identified him doing this without the song even playing? I can't

**u/Stealth8900** (10,478 points)

Plap, plap plap, plap, plap-plap-plap, plap

PLAP, plap plap, PLAP, plap-plap-plap, PLAP

Edit: Thank you so much for all the awards! Didn't think this would become THAT popular! You guys made my night!

**u/TenTonsOfAssAndBelly** (10,454 points)

[This scene](https://youtu.be/-raRuWgsg-g) from *Workaholics* is how I found this song years ago, and me and my housemates even bumped it at some parties we threw.

I literally cannot fathom OP trying to get it on to this track for 2 years, lmao. The fact that he was thrusting to the rhythm without the music is the funniest part.

**u/MAsculineMadness** (10,231 points)

Lmfao i just heard the song. Holy shit it's eerie and creepy. I'm laughing so hard as i type this. How does one ever come to a conclusion that this is a romantic love making song? 

You're not dancing mate... you're having sex. You don't need 1 2 cha cha cha rhythm to fuck.

Music during sex should be used for ambience and ambience only.

Ps- 
She got tortured for two years and still didn't leave? She's a keeper! You struck gold

**u/LloydChristoph** (9,970 points)

I’m at least hoping it was a slow steady thrust, as opposed to a meep-me-meep meep-me-me-meep-meep

**u/xxjasper012** (9,248 points)

My guy. My man. My friend. That song sounds like a mouse caught in the talon of an owl slowly dying. At least the intro does. I couldn't make it much further. It's really bad. I'm so sorry

**u/LorenzoStomp** (9,211 points)

Fuckin like he's trying to avoid calling a sandworm

**u/Smirkydarkdude** (9,160 points)

Also... how could you find a rhythm to "thrust" to in this song?  And.. how could you stay hard listening to it... I just... I can't even...

**u/SpaghettiJuicebox** (8,856 points)

Id be too busy laughing my ass off if this song came on in the moment.

**u/StevenTM** (8,656 points)

I'm surprised you got it in with that song playing, most vaginas automatically seal shut after the intro.

**u/ReverendDizzle** (8,624 points)

The fact that the song is used in the show as background music to frame how one feels discovering, while hungover, that one has trashed their house after a rager is... probably a pretty good argument for not using it as sex music.
