# TIFU by owning a Golden Retriever while being Black.

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/AgentPapier  
**Score:** 134,575  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/i3xnlq/tifu_by_owning_a_golden_retriever_while_being/  

---

Sigh. 

Work was rough today and all I wanted to do afterward was to sit on the couch and let the TV watch me while eating food not cooked by my own hands. The answer to that? Delivery. 

Food ordered, I let the dog into the yard to burn some energy and sat camped outside with him while waiting for the delivery. Doordash, Grubhub, Uber and everyone other than Jehovah's Witnesses has trouble locating my address strictly relying on GPS so it's nothing for me to post up and wait outside for when they are close, flag them down and go back inside for a contactless drop-off. 

Pertinent details before shit hits the fan; my neighbor and I share a fence with a doggy door as our pups are super close and you can bet each time that if my dog is outside, hers will follow for cross-yard playtime. This was the case today and probably bad judgement on my part to think that I would be able to break up the fun quickly. 

Both dogs were in the neighbor’s yard at the time the notification came through that the driver was pulling up and I had to call out a few times to get my dog’s attention. Neighbor thankfully whistled for her dog and I had to put on the ”voice” for mine to acknowledge I existed and then took off running for my door while waving to the driver who by this point was getting out of the car. 

Pup and I have a game called Runaway where I will take off yelling ”RUNAWAY” and literally he will chase after me like some human sized fetch-stick. I use this to my advantage until he realized I was putting him inside but managed to get him through the storm door and close the screen before he could run out. Then realized that I'd left the gate locked like an idiot with the driver standing right outside by this point. 

I didn't have a mask on at this point and neither did she so I yelled from the porch that she could leave the food by the mailbox and that is where the fun started. 

”Is that your dog?”

My bullshit meter didn't go off. I thought she was asking a question with an obvious answer because duh, she was a dog person so I engaged with dog-owner gushiness. Yes; blah, blah, blah... His name is XYZ... Wanna say hi? 

I’ll be nice because you brought my food. 

But she just stood there awkwardly for a moment, put the food down and quickly jumped back into her car. In my mind I was like, ”okay weird” but whatever. Snatched the food and went back inside. Went to wash my hands and from the kitchen window, I can see the full street where she is still parked outside. Thinking “okay weird...” again but didn’t dwell on it too much figuring that she was looking at the route to her next location. 

I went about my business of preparing to destroy my meal. Few minutes later, the dog begins barking manically at the door. I take a glance at the cameras and realize she is still out front parked directly in front of my mailbox. 

Uh...ok? What’s going on here?

I go outside and try to get her attention but she is on the phone and doesn’t notice me. I walk up like I’m going to check the mail and she does pull off, but towards the back of the neighborhood that only has one way in and one way out. Lots of people make that mistake and so you’ll quickly see cars turning back around but she never came back. By this time, I think I’m losing my mind so I go back in but still watching the street for the car to pass. It never does. 

I don’t know, people are weird so I just left it at that and went back to eat. About ten minutes later, dog starts going ham at the door so I check the cameras to see two police cars sitting outside my house. 

I continue to watch the cameras realizing that yup, the cops are getting out of the car and walking back and forth in front of mine and neighbor’s yards. I go out to see if anything is wrong and they introduce themselves before saying they were called because a stolen Golden Retriever was reported at my address and if there was a dog in the home. 

It clicked that Driver had called the police and then explained my version of what happened. They were really respectful and apologetic but asked if I could get Sir Pup. I went ahead and opened the door for the dog who took off, ready to greet the new faces outside. His collar has tags matching the address with my name and phone number on it in case he was ever lost or stolen which was proof enough for them as it was obvious that they wanted to get this over as fast as possible. 

No hard feelings on either side, we were all walking away when Driver’s car slowly comes creeping from the back of the neighborhood. I yelled out to them that the lady was right there and they positioned themselves in front of her car in a way she would have to stop and speak with them. 

I don’t know if this lady was drunk or off her meds but she rolled down the window and was literally sobbing hysterically that she saw me take the dog from the neighbor’s yard, that animals get no justice and the icing on the cake? MY KIND only owns Pittbulls and Rottweilers. There was no way he was mine and needed to be protected. I honestly did not want to deal with that mess so sorry guys, this isn’t a tale of revenge; I went back inside and stayed the fuck on my couch. My day was already shitty. Everyone left a few minutes after that so I assume she got a warning. 

However, I did report the incident to the delivery service and was offered credits towards my next meal. 

I splurged that on a bakery and now am currently fucking up a slice of carrot cake, grateful it didn’t end worse. 

TL; DR

Ordered food, racist delivery person thought I stole my own Golden Retriever and had a breakdown when I didn’t get carted off in handcuffs. Didn’t get shot but got cake in the end.

Edit: Wow, Reddit! Waking up to the massive amounts of love and well wishes was amazing! Thank you so much for your kind words! I am going to do my best and go through every comment and private message. I wish I could share this cake with all of you! Carrot cake lovers unite! Happy to share this pile of awards with other great posts and comments!

Taking the sound advice to keep a close eye on the dog when he goes out. Will also share with neighbor just in case! My husband did agree with many of you to seek further action against the delivery driver but I’m pretty torn on whether to do so. Things are hard out here for all of us including the less savory members of our community but I will take the day to think on the next steps.

I appreciate the sub this was posting to for restoring it after being removed. I apologize that this topic bent the rules and didn’t think 100% before submitting. This was a way to vent. Thank you for allowing this to be a place of dialogue!

Stay classy, everyone!

---

## Top Comments

**u/Canadian-ginger** (20,920 points)

Ok seriously, if you WERE going to steal a dog why would you steal your neighbors dog. Like they wouldn’t notice you suddenly had a golden retriever that looked exactly like their golden retriever and seemed to recognize them? I’m sorry that the most stupid people also tend to be the most racist.

**u/arm2610** (17,867 points)

Jesus dude, sorry you had to deal with that. Hope the cake was good.

**u/VocalLocalYokel** (17,786 points)

So she thought you stole your dog... from your next door neighbor? And it was going to go unnoticed unless she called the cops? She's such a hero!

**u/lymnaea** (15,009 points)

Is there some stereotype that says black people cant own golden retrievers?  I honestly don’t get some people

**u/sirgentlemanlordly** (13,258 points)

Racists aren't known for their logical conclusions.

**u/ironroad18** (11,743 points)

*Gasps*

"Apparently this black man broke into this house and put pictures of himself up everywhere!"

**u/I_am_normal_I_swear** (9,662 points)

I’ve literally never had a bad carrot cake.

Edit: Holy shit this blew up. I now know what RIP my inbox means. Also, thanks for the platinum and hugz kind strangers. I’m glad my top comment is about carrot cake.

**u/awkw4rdkid** (7,054 points)

What the fuck is wrong with people.

**u/Duskuke** (6,855 points)

Golden retrievers have long been associated with the middle class white american dream family, basically

**u/erocknine** (5,196 points)

Quick, sprinkle some crack on him and let's get outta here

**u/meyecivilacct** (4,915 points)

**AHEM** Dog tax?

**u/forrnerteenager** (4,561 points)

Fellas is it white to live in a house?

**u/Throwawayunknown55** (4,282 points)

Racism

**u/ghryzzleebear** (4,177 points)

Everyone knows that black people only keep Pits, Dobermans, and Rottweilers. You know, dogs you can fight or use to protect their crack houses. /s

**u/Rounin92** (4,063 points)

Everyone knows labs aren't not an acceptable dog for us black people it went out in the memo in 2010. Only pitbulls, rottweilers and German shepherds. Huskies being heavily debated for the upcoming 2020 memo. /s

**u/KoolianFarms** (4,058 points)

So are houses

**u/Goliath89** (3,511 points)

Just a heads up, let the neighbor know what happened, and ask them to keep a lookout for Karen.  People like her don't like to be told they're wrong, and she might try and sneak back to try and "rescue" the dog.

**u/shaunaknn** (3,264 points)

Well, then you should come and see the one that my mom makes

**u/sbarto** (2,512 points)

Not OP but I have a golden boy https://imgur.com/AlOiFUO.jpg

Edit typo

**u/SharksFansHavSmallPP** (2,512 points)

This is America.

**u/Mahou-Shoujo-Manda** (2,428 points)

Hilarious writing, but also a sad sign of the times. You're an awesome pet owner, Lord knows I don't have the energy for a Golden Retriever, and anyone who does is a straight up Saint in my book. Amazing dogs, insane energy.

You definitely deserve cake after that. The classy (and DILLIGAF) way you handled that makes proud. Hats off, and thanks for the laugh.

**u/crayolamacncheese** (2,294 points)

You know the people who make these stereotypes have never actually dealt with any of these animals. My pitty mix would terrorize them with face slobbering and aggressive tail wagging (unless of course  it was a robbery before noon in which case his highness cannot be bothered to move from the bed for anything less than cheese).

**u/YouLostTheGame** (2,151 points)

Unfortunately, yes.

**u/_usernametoolong_** (1,746 points)

He shot himself in the back several times and died right here. Open and shut case.
