# TIFU by spending the last year on reddit talking to myself after being muted.

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/Bufger  
**Score:** 133,101  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/bbgmzp/tifu_by_spending_the_last_year_on_reddit_talking/  

---

Today was the day I realised I messed up by not realising sooner and just thinking my content was shit 

For the last 12 months I've been commenting on peoples posts, I've created my own posts. I haven't had a single upvote or reply to anything.. my karma has been at 885 for as long as I can remember so I just figured I wasnt very interesting (still likely true!)

Last month I started to try and see my own posts through guest accounts and figured out they weren't showing, I could still clearly see my comments and posts on my account. 

Anyway, I finally mailed the help team and found out my IP was accidentally mixed in with some action to take out spammers, if you can see this it's all sorted now (and if you cant, I'm still in my own little Truman show)

If you're procrastinating (and let's face it, you are) feel free to go through my post history and verify the lack of any human engagement..

TL;DR I was muted one year ago and didn't notice. Since then I've spent the whole time thinking how boring I must be because nobody replies  or updoots me.. :-/

Edit: So I've gone from castaway to a full room of people handing me little arrows! Wilson and I thank you xx

Edit 2: this is crazy! Thanks to everyone for all the jewels and things I know nothing about. I'll figure it out and pay it forwards! Special thanks to those that are answering my unanswered questions from previous posts - MVPs!

Please dont be too sad about this, i find it kind of funny that I've been such an idiot for so long. It's ok to laugh with/at me :)

Edit 3: Reddit is awesome. I've missed you guys! Dont feel mad at the mods, its a tough and thankless job and flooders/bots are a real PITA. Its just one of those things and I thank them for putting in the hours.

I also want to use this very brief soap box to raise awareness for mental health. Most of us here use Reddit as an escape, some people here have fewer friends irl than they do on the net. Make sure each other are ok every once in a while (if someone goes missing, like for more than a month....) - if you see someone struggling send them a message of support, even a stranger can help.

I love all of you weirdos &lt;3

Edit 4: No more I promise. I'm completely overwhelmed by the response and the nice feedback. I'm trying to answer all of the questions but its difficult to keep up. I created an /AMA when this thread went down, if you relate to any of the topics close to me like diabetes, gaming, mental health, parenting etc then keep in touch. Heres a shameless pic of me with the best doggo in the world (and authentication for mods) - he listens to me even when you guys dont ;-) https://imgur.com/EgCbe6W

Stop giving me gold! I appreciate it but give to charity instead! Heres something different we could do &lt;3
https://www.reddit.com/r/Charity/comments/bbok3m/redditors_lets_do_something_different_for_charity/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x

---

## Top Comments

**u/garbage_boy_stinkman** (17,039 points)

This must have happened to my tinder account

**u/IamRick_Deckard** (9,883 points)

I went through some comments just to see the 1... 1....1.....1....1...1... I'm sorry, I lost it and have been laughing so hard. So much optimism, so much mute!

Edit: Seems people started upvoting his stuff since I posted this. But you can see the 1s if you keep going through the pages to get to the archived posts.
https://imgur.com/uko7whW

**u/Pendragon3141** (9,682 points)

Looking through your comments, some of them are long. It's so disheartening.

**u/Bufger** (9,317 points)

I feel like Tom Hanks right now

**u/BespectacledBastard** (8,668 points)

Holy shit, that's brutal. We can see ya now, man.

**u/Bufger** (8,312 points)

Dont be sad, I've got enough mental fortitude to make it through. I've already blocked out my year of darkness, depression  and darkness. Did I mention darkness?

**u/WesternCanadian** (5,612 points)

Yeah it went from hilarious to sad pretty quick.

**u/PrettysureBushdid911** (5,081 points)

I’m dead at the 

[I think my reddit might be broken (or I’m not interesting) post](https://www.reddit.com/r/FreeKarma4U/comments/b9dtj0/my_reddit_might_be_broken_or_im_not_interesting/)  

It’s posted in r/FreeKarma4U too and the fact that it got no karma either during that time makes me die of laughter

This whole thing is so sad and funny at the same time. Some of the posts are so involved and emotional too and .... just no reply im fkn ded

**u/Its_me_yourself** (3,896 points)

Your comment on your own post in r/yoga has me dying for some reason

Edit: [A link to the post](https://www.reddit.com/r/yoga/comments/97vopy/recommended_mats_for_tallheavy/)

**u/Bufger** (3,113 points)

Hah! This made me chortle

**u/mikenew02** (2,591 points)

[My favorite is from seven months ago for a yoga mat recommendation](https://www.reddit.com/r/yoga/comments/97vopy/recommended_mats_for_tallheavy/e4dar77/)

&gt;Anyone? Surely I'm not the only tall heavy one here :(

**u/BespectacledBastard** (2,284 points)

I went through and upvoted all your posts that were still upvotable. Welcome back to the land of the living.

**u/neemo98** (1,712 points)

This reminds me of that TIFU where that guy forgot he changed his friend’s FB settings to private and then his friend went into a slight depression cause no one liked his posts for a year

**u/BrackWackley** (1,693 points)

For in the future: r/shadowban is a great way to check for ease of mind

**u/okbanlon** (1,599 points)

Anybody else hear that? I thought I heard something, but I'm not sure...   :D

**u/Bufger** (1,365 points)

All that wit, gone to waste.

**u/charina91** (1,350 points)

Me too! Really? Anyone? LOL!

**u/SweetyPeetey** (1,340 points)

I went in and downvoted all of them.  

(Just kidding)

**u/paitandjam** (1,240 points)

Oh my goodness this one literally killed me. Poor guy. Just looking for some fitness tips.

**u/AuditTheWorld** (1,195 points)

The difference between you and me is that I’m ignored even without being muted

**u/rinnjeboxt** (1,184 points)

You laugh, but this literally happened to my tinder account and might be happening to yours? I used it for a little while some time ago, and even though i’m definitely not interesting I started to get upset that I wasn’t getting any replies at all. After a few weeks I found out some setting was toggled off which meant my account was invisible to others. I felt a bit like OP..

**u/QueefyMcQueefFace** (1,131 points)

Is that a new type of Pokémon?

**u/Bufger** (1,047 points)

Ha! That's brilliant, Thanks for putting the effort in 

Interaction is greatly received

**u/NPC-420-69** (951 points)

Welcome back to society.

**u/CeeCeeBABCOCK** (938 points)

Chortle used Mute!
