# TIFU by living in a dark bedroom for 6 years.

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/moby323  
**Score:** 127,905  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/ak2k64/tifu_by_living_in_a_dark_bedroom_for_6_years/  

---

The overhead fan in our bedroom uses one of those compact halogen light bulbs. 

6 years ago the bulb burned out and got really dim, just barely a glow. I bought a replacement bulb but when I put that one in it was also barely lighting up so I realized the unit was bad.  

The fan still worked GREAT, it literally is the best fan I’ve ever had because it moves a ton of air and is super quiet. The fan had also been a gift when we moved into our house, the unit cost over $400 so I didn’t really want to replace it even though our bedroom doesn’t get much natural light so it is pretty dark. 


So since then over the years my wife and I have had to make due with no overhead light. We open the windows during the day, and at night use a combination of bedside lamps and the bathroom light. It’s never really as good of lighting as an overhead lamp so I keep some flashlights up there for when we are cleaning or looking for something etc. 

After 6 years of living in the dark, this winter I just decided I would replace the damn thing. But before I did, I decided to try one last time with another bulb because, however unlikely, it’s possible BOTH bulbs I had tried were bad. 

So I’m up there installing the new bulb, grab the remote (the fan has a remote) and as I’m turning the light on I realize:

The goddamn thing is dimmable. 


For 6 fucking years we lived with the inconvenience of no overhead light and the whole time it was just because the damn thing was set to “dim”. 

Fuck me. 

TL;DR

For 6 years I lived with no bedroom light because the overhead lamp was broken, but turns out it it was fine and it was just set to a dim setting the whole time.

---

## Top Comments

**u/jasonthomson** (31,159 points)

OMG u/moby323 thank you.  We moved into a new house several months ago. The ceiling fan light in my office works but wasn't bright enough. I've just been ignoring it.  Your post inspired me to see if it was dimmed.  It was in fact dimmed. Much better now.

&amp;#x200B;

Edit: many people have asked, so I will explain that the remote control has two buttons for the light. I assumed one would brighten and one would dim. But they both toggle. Odd, but I ignored it. Turns out if you hold the button it changes brightness.  From the replies, it seems that standard behavior is a single light button that cycles through brightness.  This one, the button you choose determines the direction it starts in when cycling brightness.

&amp;#x200B;

Also, thank you for the gilding, kind strangers.  Did y'all know that gold comes with a week of Premium? I didn't. That's pretty kickass. Also 100 Coins which is enough to give silver. Nice.

**u/Fatpandasneezes** (23,249 points)

I'm gonna be honest.... I totally thought this would end in you finding a huge spider's web or rat's nest or a mass of cockroaches or something when you changed your light. I'm glad it wasn't. Your result was a lot more wholesome.

**u/acrobatic_sherpa** (17,671 points)

Glad I didn't wait 6 years to figure that one out when we bought a house,  It only took my 5 year old 2 months to tell us what the problem was.

**u/eloniswhyisignedup** (13,698 points)

I sat at my dining room table under a very dim fan light that I could have sworn used to be brighter a year ago reading your post. I got up and hunted down the fan remote stuck forgotten in a drawer and replaced the batteries. There was not obvious slider for a dimmer but I just held the light button down and what do you know the light got a lot brighter! It is fair to say that your post has brightened my life. Thanks

**u/moby323** (13,528 points)

Holy shit lol

**u/RoutineTwo** (10,782 points)

After he finished securing the WiFi router?

**u/thoroakenfelder** (9,789 points)

Long term troll, your wife knew about it and was waiting for you to finally try to fix it.

**u/thoroakenfelder** (5,887 points)

I thought it was going to be a fire caused by ignoring a long term electrical problem.

**u/liljellybean** (5,024 points)

Something else might have been set to dim too.

**u/Moderatelyhollydazed** (4,681 points)

its a reddit miracle!

**u/balxndr** (3,772 points)

And also setting up the media server to stream Baby Shark and, dare I say, Cailou in every room of the house.

**u/TheAltarBoy** (2,160 points)

Your night vision ability improved so this isn't a fuck up.

**u/SkolRaven** (1,938 points)

True story, I installed a food disposal years ago and forgot to knock out a plastic piece to hook to the water line. The first time the dishwasher ran after that  it didn't drain. I thought the dishwasher went bad too and didn't replace it for a year and washed dishes by hand. When I bought a new dishwasher and went to hook it up to the water line I discovered my mistake. I never told my wife what the real problem was. LOL

**u/citizenpleb** (1,526 points)

OH MY GOD. Just moved into a place 2 weeks ago with a fan light and remote like that, and the light was dim... I replaced the globe, but it was still dim. The globe was 100 watts so should be too bright if anything. Was told it “has been like it for years”. I gave up and setup a lamp.

I’m away currently but I can’t wait to get home and try and bring it to full brightness!

Thanks!

**u/Ishitperfectcubes** (1,512 points)

Reddit: Bringing life changing help to those who need it most!

**u/Aeroflame** (1,312 points)

Add me to this list. In my case it only dims/brightens if I hold the on/off button. Never thought to check.

**u/YapPac** (1,304 points)

Truly the darkest timeline

**u/Cool_Noah** (1,013 points)

The part I love most is that it's been six years. Like a month would get a slight chuckle, a year would see me expel air from my nose, but six years!? I was 14 six years ago, I was in grade 9 and didn't even have a job. That is how long you have just accepted this misfortune of having no overhead bedroom light only to find out it's dimmable. What was your reaction? I'd expect at this point it wouldn't even be one of anger, just a defeated, quiet "you've got to be kidding me"

**u/tripy75** (988 points)

This merits a slow clap.

But hey, you did figure it out in the end.

It's a bright\* outcome!

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

\*sorry for the pun, couldn't resist.

&amp;#x200B;

Edit: Oh wow!, my first silver and my karma doubled in 2 hours. Thank you people!

Edit 2: Doh! That's not silver... Thanks for the platinum !

**u/citizenpleb** (960 points)

Is it a remote similar to this?!?

https://mobileimages.lowes.com/product/converted/785247/785247161560.jpg

**u/Aanon89** (889 points)

It's Ramond's suitcase on the stairs from Everybody Loves Raymond

**u/eloniswhyisignedup** (856 points)

Exactly like that! 

https://imgur.com/cNw8x26

**u/mjtlittle** (829 points)

I was thinking the same thing

**u/Bonty48** (810 points)

Or he fucked up his eyes trying to see stuff in dark.

**u/xricheex** (740 points)

~~u/Okhlahoma_Beat-Down~~ u/moby323 You have prevented other people from 6 years of darkness. I believe this TIFU has transcended pass a mess up. Thanks for brightening up people's lives!

Edit: Identified the wrong person...
