# TIFU by lying to my wife for 13 years…

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/Moocow870  
**Score:** 124,479  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/s3f513/tifu_by_lying_to_my_wife_for_13_years/  

---

TIFU by lying to my wife for 13 years…

My wife hates orange and lime flavored candies. I love them. Well, love the orange, like the lime. 

So, she passes on the orange starburst to me. She passes the orange and green skittles to me. She passes the orange and green gummy bears to me. This has been happening for 13 years. 

What she doesn’t know is that the green Haribo gummy bears are actually strawberry. 

Shortly after we married, for one reason or another, I looked at the back of the Haribo gummy bears package and discovered this. 

So I haven’t said anything for 13 years. Every time we get gummy bears, she gives me the orange and green (strawberry). I’ve never said a word. I’ve enjoyed eating my little lies. 

Until last night…

We had some gummy bears and she opened them and she started to hand me the orange and green ones. But after a few minutes, I saw her looking at the back of the bag. Then I saw her eyes get REAL BIG. 

She turned to me and asked if I’ve known that the green bears were strawberry. She always thought they were lime. 

I was honest and nodded my head yes. The look of betrayal was unreal…. She asked how long I’ve known, and I was honest. I told her as long as we’ve been married. 

She quit giving me the gummy bears she didn’t like. She was even eating the orange ones out of spite. 

I don’t think I’ll get any more gummy bear discards after this. Time to buy my own.

Edit: 

We don’t eat these every day. A few times a year at most.

I don’t just get the “rejects.” It’s a shared bag. Whenever she grabs a few, she would pick out the orange and green and hand to me. Just like I would give the pineapple to her (bleh). 


TL;DR I never corrected my wife by telling her she gave me strawberry gummy bears. She thought they were lime. Now she knows and is spite eating my favorites.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Paper-Great** (32,613 points)

My Mom didn't know that a local pizza place gave free breadsticks with a large pizza. My Dad had been eating them on the way home with the pizza... for 10 years.

**u/tomdrinkswhiskey** (21,454 points)

Wait until she finds out the green skittles are green apple.

**u/Moocow870** (19,727 points)

Lol, I haven’t brought that up yet. She doesn’t know about those either.

**u/MuffytheBananaSlayer** (15,234 points)

The lies continue…

**u/Bluesparc** (14,535 points)

This is gold. I hope you can both share a laugh on it soon. Might take some time though hahaha

**u/Moocow870** (10,086 points)

We laugh on a daily basis. We love to have our fun arguments. She just couldn’t believe I kept this from her for so long. Lol.

Edit: spelling

**u/thebookwasbetter13** (9,532 points)

The wife here. We even got some Christmas ones that were all green and red for our kids’ stockings and I said, “Hey! They didn’t make the green ones lime in these! They should always do that.” He didn’t say a word. We have two kids and matching tattoos, so I guess we will just have to work through this.

**u/moneybags729** (9,208 points)

Lmao this is such a legitimate marriage dispute it's ridiculous.  I've been married since 2010 and my wife wouldn't be thrilled about something like this either.

**u/TinktheChi** (8,536 points)

She's even eating the orange ones out of spite.

You're both hilarious.  You've got a great union.

**u/c_l_who** (8,097 points)

Every year, for her birthday, my step-grandmother received a gift of chocolate covered cherries from her husband. When he died and she married my grandfather, he thought it would be so thoughtful to continue the tradition. She took one look at the box, stood up, dumped it in the garbage, and declared "I'm not spending another 30 years pretending to like those disgusting things." 😂😂😂

**u/Top-Ad6409** (7,598 points)

Uhh, ever hear of a delivery fee?!

**u/Moocow870** (5,137 points)

Lol. Love you!

**u/Shitscomplicated** (4,870 points)

The plot thickens

**u/akaioi** (3,778 points)

The worst part is explaining this to the marriage counselor without both spouses melting from embarrassment...

**u/Resurrected5YearOld** (3,014 points)

The pudding sets

**u/IsabellaBellaBell** (2,859 points)

Here’s what you gotta do. Tell her you need to “talk”, then have a super serious sit down. With a straight face, let her know something been weighing on you heavily for years, and you can’t live with it anymore. *Really* stress the inner torture of it all. Just when you think she can’t stand the suspense for another minute, present her with a pack of Skittles and tell her the green ones are actually green apple. 

Then report back to us and let us know how it went.

Edit: I’m reading now they switched back to lime. 

So here’s what you gotta do. Find a pack that still has green apple, do whatever it takes to get your hands on one, no matter the cost. Follow through with plan A (see above). Then you burn her twice because the next time she buys herself some Skittles she’ll eat the lime ones thinking they’re green apple and be thoroughly disgusted.

**u/Merks31** (2,802 points)

The green apples

**u/mark55** (2,589 points)

New grandpa seems like a thoughtful guy! That's so sweet it's almost sacrificial.

**u/Mr2-1782Man** (2,582 points)

Damn straight. Whenever people from work sent me to get food they always got a bit less fries. That's my fee.

**u/hailelmo** (2,567 points)

Dude I hear about guys that cheat on their wives but what you did.... Only god can save you now

**u/debaser64** (2,312 points)

And on her cake day!? You monster!

**u/Globalist_Nationlist** (2,240 points)

You monster

**u/AVonDingus** (2,187 points)

Your dad is my kinda dude!

**u/rognabologna** (2,007 points)

My BIL accidentally outed himself to my sister recently when, while watching his diet, he proudly told her that he didn’t even get a “Car McChicken” when he was picking up McDonald’s. Then he had to explain that a car mcchicken is the extra sandwich he sneaks on his way home with the rest of the food.

**u/imfamousoz** (1,999 points)

My husband and I have been together for almost 8 years now. Up until last year, we had shared Oreos a certain way. I don't like the middle but I like the cookie. He said he liked doubles, so we would always twist our cookies apart and swap a piece. Win-win, it was a whole thing, and it turns out he has been making himself eat double stuffed Oreos for years because he ALSO only likes the cookie but he didn't want to deprive me. You did, like, the opposite and it's adorably hilarious. Y'all will be laughing about this not too far down the road.
