# TIFU by reporting a pervert to the School my sons go to.

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/Plagmoid  
**Score:** 124,337  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/bjofi8/tifu_by_reporting_a_pervert_to_the_school_my_sons/  

---

Over the course of the last week my twin 7 year old sons started telling me about a creepy man who sat it the parking lot at school and stared at them.  This morning, I finally took the initiative and called the school.  They assured me that the situation would be handled.

Now, here's how stupid I apparently am: I've been doing electrical repairs on a facility near my sons' school, and each day I park my work van in the school parking lot to eat lunch and use the WiFi.  I wave to my sons as they go from one building to the building housing the cafeteria for lunch.  

If you're realizing that I'm the "pervert" I reported, congratulations, you're officially sharper than me.

I didn't realize it until 3 police cars surrounded my work van.

As it turns out, between the work van they'd never seen me in, my hardhat, and my sunglasses, the boys never realized it was me.

After about a 30 minute conversation with the police and the principal, they decided I was a harmless moron and decided to let me go.  I was, however, asked not to park my van there for lunch anymore.

TL/DR: Called school over "pervert" watching my sons, turns out it was me the whole time. Was nearly arrested.

---

## Top Comments

**u/syntheticsponge** (24,969 points)

your life is a sitcom

**u/decapitatedwalrus** (18,832 points)

This is my favourite TIFU in a longass time.

**u/Plagmoid** (15,953 points)

My wife constantly tells me that I'm basically a Simpsons character.

**u/Jodabomb24** (7,880 points)

[real image of OP catching the scary school pervert (2019, colourised)](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/mobile/000/023/397/C-658VsXoAo3ovC.jpg)

Edit: three gold? what?? bless

**u/youhavebeenindicted** (7,821 points)

I mean this in the nicest way possible, but how can you be so stupid haha

**u/InadmissibleHug** (7,043 points)

Well, nice to know they will deal with these things.

**u/WilloughbyWindjammer** (5,301 points)

Definitely right up there with the dude who ate edibles before dinner with his inlaws

**u/__secter_** (4,838 points)

The guy has two *seven year olds* that couldn't recognize him in a hat a sunglass for weeks.

**u/MajorLads** (4,284 points)

[OP answering police questions about the pervert.](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/024/965/well.jpg)

**u/9dzChild** (4,208 points)

That’s not a compliment...

**u/ESJx** (3,491 points)

Link: https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/7pafrt/tifu_by_stuffing_my_face_with_edibles_before/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app

**u/GoltimarTheGreat** (3,324 points)

Runs in the family?

**u/UltraBananaBuddy** (2,695 points)

[OP ready to end this pervert once and for all](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/017/046/BptVE1JIEAAA3dT.jpg)

**u/CherrySlurpee** (2,367 points)

[OP making this thread](https://zippy.gfycat.com/TornJaggedIndianjackal.webm)

**u/raised_by_woofs** (2,114 points)

[The police responding to OP's screw up](https://imgur.com/gallery/JfIVt)

**u/bakugandrago18** (2,095 points)

[OP raising awareness of the pervert. ](https://i.imgur.com/Y41Iqfd.jpg)

**u/TheQuietManUpNorth** (2,059 points)

That's jaundice. You should see a doctor.

Thanks for the gold!

**u/Flipflopsfordays** (1,622 points)

You never even questioned why they didn’t wave back?

**u/layer11** (1,536 points)

Unless she says he's Marge or Lisa

**u/ToastedMilkEggs** (1,511 points)

I've never laughed so hard at an internet story.

**u/VidE27** (1,451 points)

nope, she meant Milhouse

**u/SpeakItLoud** (1,385 points)

[Settle in!](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2a78al/tifu_secretly_eating_mushrooms_while_my_wife_was/) This is one of my favorite reddit stories. Dude takes some schrooms and ends up literally herding cats out of his basement for hours.

**u/AVID_BIRD_OBSERVER** (1,343 points)

Yes I agree. Our senior group meets in the Upstairs choir room on Thursdays and there are some folks who mimic us the whole time through the glass window. Susan threw her shoe at them and they just threw one right back. We all started yelling at them Last week and they just lip-synced with us so we yelled louder and louder until Ben had a heart attack and the Pastor said we couldn't meet there anymore. Forgot why but point being the idiot isn't dealing with our problem

**u/Demp_Rock** (1,336 points)

Right like you’re eating there everyday. Waving every day. And you don’t mention it once at dinner to your children?

**u/acokiko** (1,030 points)

Lol y'all are fucked up
