# TIFU by almost allowing net neutrality to dissapear.

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/tizorres  
**Score:** 118,961  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/7ekuol/tifu_by_almost_allowing_net_neutrality_to/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Metalman9999** (5,063 points)

AND WHAT CAN I DO IF I DON'T LIVE (or ever lived) IN USA? seriously, I want to help. If we allow this to happen, we are next

**u/kyotofly** (1,909 points)

Upvote this and let others be aware

**u/jaypooner** (1,767 points)

So if you haven't already, there's a bot you can text, that helps you write an email or a fax, free of charge, to your senator, or governor. Text "resist" to "504-09" and it'll ask you some questions, then you're onto writing. From another thread a few weeks ago, someone posted this message, and it think it's a great one to send.

"Net Neutrality is the cornerstone of innovation, free speech and democracy on the Internet.

Control over the Internet should remain in the hands of the people who use it every day. The ability to share information without impediment is critical to the progression of technology, science, small business, and culture.

Please stand with the public by protecting Net Neutrality once and for all."

I'd love to credit the user, but have lost the comment, but please, go send some faxes, show your politicians you want net neutrality to stay.

**u/Anteron** (1,180 points)

:( I wish I could. We have an association in France called The "Quadrature du net" which job is to spread awareness of the beauty of net neutrality.

**u/missedthecue** (1,004 points)

Look at France, helped us get our freedom 234 years ago, now they're trying to help us keep it. 

+1 to you sir

**u/brando93** (866 points)

Keep the border open plz. We may be coming upstairs soon

**u/bobcobble** (841 points)

Of course! The intent is to provide users with a sense of pride and accomplishment for unlocking different comments.

**u/LockedLemming90** (548 points)

Does EA sell that dlc?

**u/10111001110** (471 points)

France and USA the original BFFs

**u/jphuffinstuff** (403 points)

I'm Canadian is there anything I can do to help?

**u/mgrah3723** (343 points)

Thanks for the number to text! I tried but right now it's busy (which is good!) So I'll try later

Edit: got it to send! Just keep spamming, and it should send the second or third time, don't have to wait like I did.

**u/calculated-risk** (288 points)

Why do you think?

**u/tjmtjm1** (222 points)

"Man, you're really no threat to us, and we kinda like wine and cheese too. We chill? We chill."

**u/unseenspecter** (206 points)

He doesn't need to because Canada already has all those immigration laws that everyone is so against in the US.

**u/UCamK** (202 points)

The biggest fuck-up in the history of fuck-ups, maybe ever.

**u/lemurs_on_ice** (200 points)

Why isn't this being covered more in the MSM?

**u/AnonymousTowel** (194 points)

Guys it doesn't take much! I am a lazy SOAB and I even messaged the FCC and Emailed/called my Congress Rep. If you like this platform and love the internet then protect it from these greedy assholes. EA was boot camp compared to the FCC and what their plans are to get rid of Net Neutrality. Lets hit the FCC 10x harder and let them know!

**u/GazLord** (178 points)

Luckily Trump hasn't built a wall up here yet.

**u/irecordwhileyousleep** (177 points)

That's exactly what a worthless Cheeto faced dick would say.

**u/5FingerDeathTickle** (177 points)

Which you should not use anyway if you are trying to convince your representative to represent you. Attacking them personally will make it that much easier for them to dismiss you.

**u/justcougit** (169 points)

Also a warning it won't send your message if you use a lot of cuss words like "stupid worthless dicks" and "cheeto faced bitch." So don't type it all out because it just won't send.

**u/bunkpolice** (165 points)

This bot is fucking amazing.

Resistbot - you clever little bastard - thank you.

Edit: I just want to point out WHY Resistbot is so goddamn awesome - it can be used to talk to your representatives about anything. Not just net neutrality, but anything. You don't have to WRITE your reps or CALL them - you can TEXT those bastards and it prints out in their offices like a formal letter.

Power to the people!

**u/ragingasian15** (165 points)

Get it right here:

[Link not available because you aren't a Comcast Prime member]

**u/PM_ME_STRAIGHT_TRAPS** (161 points)

Haha. No. The MSM is owned by the very ISPs that want to shut net neutrality down.

**u/somatic-** (135 points)

Hey, if you want to make a difference, get people from your country to start calling and emailing Google, Wikipedia, GitHub, Wikipedia, and other software giants that you want to see support Net Neutrality and telling them that you want see them support it and organize a SOPA-PIPA style blackout protest for December 7th at 5:00 pm, since that's the nationwide protest day for Net Neutrality.

These software giants are global so people across the world can start to pressure these companies to join in. Having large companies join in would be a large boon to the NN movement, and having people from around the world pressuring them to support NN would be very important and helpful, if not critical.

If you found this comment helpful, you might consider editing your post and putting this text there so it has visibility, or including or linking to any other helpful suggestions if you found those to be more helpful.
