# TIFU: I have officially branded myself as the biggest perv... and I 100% deserve it...

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/Taway1234123491121  
**Score:** 116,057  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/bpr2iy/tifu_i_have_officially_branded_myself_as_the/  

---

This is his now ex-wife.

Did he not realize, or too dumb to remember we share everything, including the same Reddit app? I logged on to see this throwaway as the default login account.

I’ve removed all of this personal story for my family’s protection and changed this account’s password. Although it might be too late and already circulated online.

I took a look through the comments and was seriously disgusted by most of the responses suggesting to sexually approach both of us last night. Which my sister did mention he tried something in the middle of the night, this guy is incredibly living in another world!

I’m only posting this to reassure everyone thinking he got away with it, that these types of scumbags DO NOT.

I came home yesterday with my sister to pack my shit. I saw his update saying I seemed alright, but I was keeping it in for the next morning.

Reason we slept in the living-room is because I didn’t want him to see my bags in the corner of the bedroom, he came home suddenly before I finished packing. It wasn’t “fun camping” or a “picnic”.

This morning, before he woke-up, we grabbed the rest of my stuff and left.

I went to the bank and froze our joint account before he irresponsibly starts taking cash out.

I’m not seeing him anymore, going to lawyer up, give away all this Reddit gold to the comments that I feel were actually reasonable, and divorce his ass.

Oh, and if you can read this, I’ve deleted the tracking app ;) my lawyer will call you to unfreeze your share and take the steps to unlink me from any other tracking apps you might have on me.

TL;DR: His life is ruined.

---

## Top Comments

**u/tatt2guy** (50,686 points)

Yeah there’s no coming back from that.
Edit, clearly did survive. But wonder how long the missus will cope with it, knowing he wants to bone the sister.

**u/EepeesJ1** (26,843 points)

Of the 14,000,605 scenarios I have seen, you survive... none.

**u/PDCWolf** (25,151 points)

Hey OP your wife is coming! OH SHIT HE HAS AIRPODS HE CAN'T HEAR US

sorry.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

Edit: Thank you all for the gold and silver!

**u/Nose_to_the_Wind** (24,172 points)

Masturbated too close to the sun.

**u/Uhtred_McUhtredson** (23,755 points)

Dickarus.

**u/nickogea1** (22,528 points)

Dude you’re fucked

**u/Spydyo** (20,717 points)

This might very well be the biggest tifu of this sub ever.

**u/HotChippys** (15,517 points)

An actual fuck up and it happened today. Best post 2019.

**u/frankix123** (15,498 points)

Give us an update OP

**u/moose_152** (13,053 points)

I think you just wanted to flex on us with those airpods

**u/SekZBoiAlex1986** (12,179 points)

I can’t even begin to imagine the apoplectic rage his wife felt when she looked into the VR headset.

No offence OP but this is fucking hilarious. It could be the closing scene to a Curb Your Enthusiasm episode.

**u/TheHistorian1672** (11,631 points)

Yeah your def screwed. If it was anyone other than her sister you may have been able to come back.

**u/Dr_Gonzo__** (11,425 points)

Rest in pieces, OP

**u/vuuvvo** (9,996 points)

"Oh no don't worry honey, it's not like your sister *consented* to this"

**u/Big_Simba** (9,176 points)

I’m pretty sure she’d be equally mad if it were her mother instead

**u/Patrickrk** (9,029 points)

YTA

**u/lorealjenkins** (8,907 points)

A pervert and divorced.

Now thats a tifu

Edit - oh hey, I got a silver. I feel so special for pointing out OP's fate. To none believers, this sounded really plausible and yall men should know, dick brain can make you do very very dumb stuff.

Edit 2 - hahaha OP did got divorced. Sorry for the ex wife and her family. But OP really dug up his grave and awarded the biggest fucked up of 2019

**u/effrightscorp** (8,379 points)

The best part is that a lot of the fuckups are accidents or stupid shit done in the heat of the moment. This dude actually planned in advance to watch porn of his sister in law that was intended to be left private... Just from a moral standpoint / normal-people-don't-jerk-it-to-friends+family standpoint thats pretty fucked, even if he didn't get caught

**u/coolsaw20** (8,257 points)

&gt;This happened an hour ago, and I’m still shaking in fear about how my life will now become from now on....  
&gt;  
&gt;There’s 2 “situations” that leads to the conclusion of the FU.  
&gt;  
&gt;First situation:  
&gt;  
&gt;Asked sister-in-law to borrow her 360 pocket camera for a trip wife and I are soon vacationing to.  
&gt;  
&gt;Found out the memory card still had content.  
&gt;  
&gt;Her husband travels a lot, and she made a 1-hour POV style 360 “porn” video, assuming sent to him a while back.  
&gt;  
&gt;I’ve had the hots for her for the past 8+ years. Before she got married and I have, there were several times sexual tensions arose between the two of us. Living together for a year as strictly roommates, movies, dinners, getting drunk while watching movies just the two of us, breakfasts, etc.  
&gt;  
&gt;A certain trust (or test?) was implemented and nothing ever happened between the two of us, as at the time I was dating my now wife which was working at a distance. But damn it at the time if she just had touched my hand once back then, I think I would have lived a whole different life.  
&gt;  
&gt;So finding this video... I thought I struck gold, I could have what I’ve always fantasized about, “gifting my past self”, while living my happy current life.  
&gt;  
&gt;Second accident:  
&gt;  
&gt;I have an automated house that lights up the house with geolocation. Before the app worked with Apple HomeKit, a third party app needed to be downloaded which tracks your family and friends. Free version only allows you to add 1 person, so my wife.  
&gt;  
&gt;Wife and I have had this app for 3 years now even if it’s useless now after an app update a couple years back on the original app. We never deleted it since it was so useful for tracking each other using notifications. I get a notification when she’s at work and when I arrive at work, we also both get notifications when one arrives home. Good for times where she does groceries for example and I get a notification to prompt me to go out and help her out. Or when I work late and finally leave the office prompting her to set-up the dinning table.  
&gt;  
&gt;Last night she fell asleep without charging her phone. I hate when she does that, today she goes to work with barely any battery, what if she needs to call the police or hospital for an emergency?  
&gt;  
&gt;I have the day off today, today was the day I’d do the “deed”. I don’t only go with simple 360 video.... but literally set it up on my VR headset in bed with AirPods on. The whole experience.  
&gt;  
&gt;This would have lasted me tops 5 mins.  
&gt;  
&gt;But the “foreplay” she does, is long and boring. Then the action starts and I go on.  
&gt;  
&gt;Wife’s phone didn’t give a notification as she arrived, because of her now dead phone.  
&gt;  
&gt;She comes to the bedroom to see me master bating in bed with VR goggles on.  
&gt;  
&gt;She knows I masterbate occasionally but never saw me do it, I sneak it in here and there.  
&gt;  
&gt;But VR porn was never “discussed” as an “is it cheating if....” thing. You know the convo I’m talking about, “is it cheating if you have a sex doll”, “is it cheating if it’s a robot”, “is it cheating if you put a pleasure toy on and someone from across the Internet strokes you in real time”, etc...  
&gt;  
&gt;It was the type of convo we’d have at the very start of our relationship when we were still friends 10 years ago, to see how far one could take it. Weird I know, but let’s say it was one of these pre-game convos to see if we’re on the same page before things started getting serious. Pre-game convos were not only about sex by the way.  
&gt;  
&gt;Anyways, VR wasn’t a “thing” back then so was never discussed. So I never knew if it was “right” or “wrong” for me to do so. I guess it was “wrong” since she rushed in and ripped the goggles from my face. That’s when I see her in the room.  
&gt;  
&gt;“The fuck??” she says.  
&gt;  
&gt;Then she looks inside.  
&gt;  
&gt;“Is that my sister?!?!”  
&gt;  
&gt;I’m fucked.  
&gt;  
&gt;She still had her shoes on from arriving. So she just grabbed her bag WITH the VR headset and left the house.  
&gt;  
&gt;Seeing from the tracking app... she’s at her parents house.... which are neighbours of the sister-in-law.  
&gt;  
&gt;I’m fucked.  
&gt;  
&gt;TL;DR: Masterbated in VR with sister-in-law’s 360 porn video, got caught in the act, now feeling out of body experience and don’t know what’s going to happen.

Just in case OP realizes that posting this story was another fuck up.

Edit : I got my first very first award copying a post. Thank you, you glorious bastard.

**u/ElTuxedoMex** (8,113 points)

Hope you saved a copy of the video because that's all the sex you gonna get in a long time while the divorce goes on.

**u/thatcrazywriter** (7,952 points)

Yeah seriously, I do not envy OP right now. Gotta see how this plays out.😬😬

**u/MmeBear** (7,842 points)

It wasn't the vr, man. You don't need to have the 'what constitutes as cheating' discussion to know that masturbating to your wife's sister is wrong. Now when she sees her sister she has to think about the fact you want to stick it in her. You're supposed to be family, man. You can't act on base instincts like that with family.

Also, it sounds like you need to figure your shit out. You add in backstory about this thing you had with your wife's sister like it pardons you for jerking it to her because it's just 'fantasy' and not 'actually sleeping with the woman I still seem to be crushing on'. No man, that makes it worse. You need to let this fantasy of the two of you together go COMPLETELY, and treat her like your biological sister, if you want any chance of staying with your wife. 

TLDR; stop perving on your wife's sister. It's a complete violation of trust. The past is the past.

Edit: I misread the part where she was mad THEN looked and saw her sister. I assumed she knew it was her sister when she ripped off the headset. (Maybe vr headset hooked up to the computer as is sometimes done).

 I still think vr porn is something you can talk about pretty reasonably. Vr porn with you sister in law.... not so much. It was definitely the meat of the problem.

Edit2: My first gold, omigod. Thank you kind stranger :o

**u/TheWanderingWriter** (7,438 points)

In 360 degrees with VR set.

Thanks for the gold! You'll always be golden to me.

**u/flux_wildley** (7,238 points)

I think you blew right past being the biggest perv and just landed yourself with a lifetime's worth of issues.

RIP, my dude.

**u/MrCrestfallen** (7,236 points)

This is the single dumbest action I've heard of on Reddit in my very short Reddit scrolling career.
