# TIFU by having the username “Soundman1488” for 15+ years of being on the internet and been unknowingly identifying myself as a Nazi.

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/soundman1488  
**Score:** 111,578  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/hjw6en/tifu_by_having_the_username_soundman1488_for_15/  

---

I found out here on Reddit that my username that I’ve used 15+ years all over the internet was connected to Nazis because of the 1488. They banned me on r/AskReddit for it.

I posted about it on here and changed my name to r/NazisStoleMyBirthday

r/AskReddit unbanned me.

This post blew up and got really popular. It got me a 3 day suspension from Reddit for circumventing my ban on r/AskReddit

This morning I found out that somehow this post got changed to contain a ton of really inappropriate racial and homophobic slurs along with threats of violence. This was not me. I have no idea how that happened.

Some of you won’t believe this and I understand that. I would be skeptical myself if I were you. For what it’s worth, I would never say things that, much less think them. My intention was to simply share my story and it blew up way more than I thought it would. Some misguided soul thought it would be good to change the post and mess the whole thing up. I take responsibility for what happens on my account, but this statements were not made by me. Obviously they have upset a lot of people and I wish I could meet each of you face to face to apologize.

This was not a stunt to try and get karma or awards. Again, some won’t believe that and that’s ok.

If you care, you can look at my original post on r/Banned to see where I was trying to understand why my name was offensive. You can also look at my post and comment history on this account and my new one to see that this was very clearly not me.

I’m sorry everyone. I think I’m done with Reddit entirely.

---

## Top Comments

**u/alloobaba** (12,914 points)

I wager $420 blaze it, Alex

**u/bravehamster** (12,779 points)

$1488 is one of the few numbers that are banned as a wager on Jeopardy, which is how I found out that 1488 was a hate symbol.  I wasn't a contestant (yet!) but a friend was.

The full list is $69, $666, $14, $88, and $1488.

**u/sinadoh** (10,951 points)

From now on just use 4188 and say you're from another continent.

**u/SS20x3** (8,596 points)

Just append 'not a nazi' to your username and you'll be good to go.

**u/AreWeCowabunga** (7,264 points)

I would say including your DOB in your username is just not a good idea to begin with.

**u/singalongwimme** (6,761 points)

Why would Nazi need a soundman though?

**u/WildSmokingBuick** (6,149 points)

At that point, he might as well get even more abstract, lose the "ound" and add a hyphen

/u/SS-Mann1488

**u/CommandoLamb** (5,696 points)

Yeah, I always use my social security number for my numbers. I don't need people to know how old I am.

**u/soundman1488** (5,542 points)

I don’t know and I’m not willing to find out LOL.

**u/[deleted]** (4,846 points)

Also add an extra N at the end to seal the deal.

/u/SSoundMann1488

**u/soundman1488** (4,720 points)

I updated my profile here on Reddit.

**u/Snizl** (3,562 points)

Which funnily enough is hitlers birthday.

**u/[deleted]** (3,442 points)

My friend also had problems with his username with the number 88 in it, and he's copped all sorts of shit from people over the years. Poor old u/gasthejews88 :(

**u/hastagelf** (3,370 points)

/u/SS-Mann1488-HH

**u/Houeclipse** (3,054 points)

Hi Op

**u/-ihavenoname-** (3,040 points)

And just to make it clear that it‘s a joke, add a laughing „haha“ at the end, shortened „HH“.

**u/PanicPixieDreamGirl** (2,380 points)

I have the exact same problem regarding date of birth. I never put it in my username but it's very, very frustrating that Nazis stole my birthday.

The kicker? I'm half Jewish.

**u/r3dt4rget** (2,157 points)

TIL subreddits will ban you based on your username. Tbh I don't even pay attention to peoples names, and when I do it's usually something like u/TEAR_MY_ASSHOLE_DADDY posting on r/aww so I figured most of reddit didn't care.

**u/BlatantConservative** (2,027 points)

There is a lot of disinformation going around in these comments about what "1488" actually means.  Some of it is intentional disinformation.  

The 14 words and 88 precepts were a manifesto written by a man named David Lane in 1995.  David Lane was serving his 190 year prison sentence for having a Jewish talk radio host murdered in 1986.  1488 is NOT a 4chan troll, made up, or meaningless, it has a very real and very evil meaning and signifies the codified values of the more violent style of white nationalist alive today.  These are the guys who think the KKK is run by the Jews. You know, morons. 

Now, the 88 precepts, the rules all of these white nationalists are required to live by, are low key ridiculous.  Like Precept 36 straight up bans pornography, if you ever see a white nationalist with a hentai profile picture or something along those lines, ask him about rule 36 and he will lose his fucking mind. 

This has been a PSA: White nationalists are mad all the time because they can't jack it, true story.

**u/Attya3141** (1,942 points)

This is what peak performance looks like

**u/skullkrusher2115** (1,916 points)

But only if your American
