# TIFU by Watching Live Porn For The First Time (NSFW)

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/AndersHigh  
**Score:** 102,884  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/hxa49v/tifu_by_watching_live_porn_for_the_first_time_nsfw/  

---

I'm sitting in my room pretty horny and bored so I wanna go watch some porn

and I always get these ads about pornhub live and I've never checked it out.

So I'm like, alright I'm gonna check it out, see what it's all about

I open it and I see all these hot girls. I go into a couple and on the right side, they have a chat where you can type. but in order to chat with the girls, I have to make an account.

I entered my email, password, and they have something weird that is that you have to enter a username

obviously didn't wanna use my real name so I write the first name that comes to mind, jakob69420

and then on the next page, it says. Enter your credit card,. I'm already skeptical but it says.. it's 100% free, it's only for if things get hot and you wanna donate

and I'm like.. eeeeehhh... but I'm already so far in the process that I'm like ok fuck it.. let's go

So now I'm in and I watch a few and they're like just sitting there, they're not really doing anything. nobody was showing any tits, a little ass shaking, but pretty underwhelming overall.

So to find the best one I just hold control on my keyboard and open a ton of tabs so I can find one that actually does something sexy.

and I flip through these tabs at the top and it would popup this annoying thing that said. You can only watch one live stream at the time. 

this popup would come a few times where I had to click like an orange button to refresh.

and then I land on this really old like 60-year-old gilf, and she's just sitting there, there's like 8 people watching live.

then there was a popup with an orange button and instinctively my mouse just goes to it and right as I'm about to click the button I see it says, enter private room $5 dollars.

I click it, and I'm like.. "No! o fuck!" I'm not sad loosing $5 dollars but eh, couldn't it be somebody that's a little bit sexier?

Now she's like smiling and she say's "heeey Jakob".. Immediately she's pulling her tits out and she grabs a dildo laying next to her. she has this underwear on that has like a velcro flap, and she snaps it open and I can see this really old, slightly hairy pussy. 

I'm like.. alright man, I fucking paid for this, so better give it a go, kinda like shamefully jacking off.

Now she keeps saying Jakob over and over again, moaning, and I mean.. she puts on a pretty good show, she was pretty hot, but I mean she's fucking 60...

I start writing in the chat that she should talk dirty to me and shit. 

I'm gonna spare you all the details, but after a few minutes I cum

and I'm like, thank you, bye! 

I Close the window and go back to watching youtube and chilling out.

Later that night, I go to check my email, and I see this receipt from pornhub live and it turns out... it didn't cost just $5... It cost $5 dollars per minute!!

So that's how I spent $72 dollars on a 60-year-old woman calling me Jakob

**TL;DR. I accidentally I spent $72 dollars on a 60-year-old woman calling me Jakob on Pornhub Live**

---

## Top Comments

**u/FalconVerde_V** (33,613 points)

&gt;If you like Pornhub you're gonna love Pornhub LIVE

OP: So that was a fucking lie.

**u/himynameisabcde** (22,032 points)

14 minutes in granny heaven

**u/Hyderosa** (11,202 points)

What a great read this has been.

**u/NeverFresh** (8,955 points)

Heeeey Jakob.... I spent that $72 on anal bleach. TY.

**u/AndersHigh** (8,195 points)

Hahahaha

**u/Bleached__Anus** (7,520 points)

Me too

**u/TimReaper9564** (5,218 points)

Oh, look at Mr. “I-lasted-72-dollars-worth” showing off over here.

Edit: my first Reddit award! Thank you stranger!

**u/notjakob69** (4,648 points)

Lol my name is Jakob

**u/cstrovn** (4,510 points)

One of the few TIFUs that actually made me laugh and seems true

**u/mike_pants** (4,283 points)

I thought for sure this was going to end with "and every time I opened a new window, it cost me another $5 a minute."

Not sure if the real ending was better or worse.

**u/[deleted]** (4,080 points)

14 minutes and 24 seconds, don't sell OP short

**u/AndersHigh** (3,327 points)

i'm hooked and it's the only way i'll ever watch porn again

**u/AndersHigh** (2,998 points)

lmao u missing a 420

**u/TheKilller08** (2,931 points)

Can I just ask you why you didn't put Jack Off as your name?

**u/Freynir** (2,345 points)

Great read man. Question remains, will you return for more?

**u/Frumundahs4men** (2,127 points)

I agree. I also appreciated how he didnt try to use every over the top metaphor he could think of to "spice" up the story, like most posts I see on here.

**u/McGr00vy** (2,030 points)

Jacques Eauv

**u/mikedn** (1,886 points)

Jakov

**u/jkstudent222** (1,808 points)

lmaoo

**u/Binge_Gaming** (1,558 points)

You were made for this moment.

**u/plopseven** (1,408 points)

$300/hr ain’t bad money, honey

**u/joeyjoojoo** (1,031 points)

you were too lazy to calculate how many minutes those were weren't you?

**u/Ha1lStorm** (975 points)

Stanima

**u/Freynir** (964 points)

Glad to hear that man. Who wouldn't want to watch some live porn with a granny who says some random name. I may try it myself.

**u/belgian-malinois** (964 points)

*sigh*... Another one of [these](https://www.reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/hfgop9/i_am_in_a_relationship_with_my_grandmother/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf) guys.
