# TIFU by swiping on my girlfriend’s phone NSFW

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/notsobigafterall1  
**Score:** 98,996  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/bo6nut/tifu_by_swiping_on_my_girlfriends_phone_nsfw/  

---

So this happened a few days ago and I’m still not sure I’m 100% ready to tell the story but here goes.

I’ve been with my girlfriend for about a year and I already know she is the love of my life. She’s perfect for me. We’re perfect for eachother. We’re getting ready to move in with eachother and I want nothing more than to start a family with her and spend the rest of my life with her.

We went on a short vacation last week and when we returned she gave me her phone to look at some photos from the trip. 

She went to the bathroom while I had her phone, and as I was scrolling through the pictures it kind of jumped to a period that was about a year and a half ago. If you have an iPhone you know what I’m talking about, you scroll a little bit too fast and all of a sudden you’re back at the start of the photo album. It’s annoying as hell.

But some photos caught my eye. Some photos that I really shouldn’t be seeing, of her and a previous boyfriend.

There she is, the love of my life, TRYING to get her mouth around the biggest dick I’ve ever seen in my life. I’ve watched porn - a lot. I’ve never seen a dick like this. I’m talking bigger than 2 coke cans stacked on top of eachother. Longer and thicker. As far as I could tell she was unable to get her teeth around it.

I could see another thumbnail of her comparing the size of his dick to her forearm with a look of wonder and glee on her face.

I closed the pictures and I’ve acted like nothing has happened, but I cannot get these images out of my mind. I’ve never been self-conscious about my dick size - in fact if you believe the stats I’m significantly above average, but this has destroyed my self esteem.

We haven’t had sex since. I can’t concentrate on my work. I just wish I had never seen those damn pictures.

TL;DR accidentally saw some pictures of the love of my life sucking the biggest dick on earth and my stupid male ego is destroyed

UPDATE: There’s a lot of people assuming that this was a one-night-stand. It wasn’t. She was with this guy for 3 years.

---

## Top Comments

**u/MENTALUNICORN11** (37,344 points)

I'm sorry man but I'm upvoting solely for that username.

**u/-Shayyy-** (27,430 points)

Tbh a dick that big sounds awful.

**u/Ten4GB** (23,952 points)

Sometimes I wish I could unsee things too man. It fucks with your head, doesnt it? Wish I knew how to help, but I can only sympathize.

**u/CowsCanBark** (20,323 points)

[Is this an accurate re-creation of the picture you saw?](https://imgur.com/gallery/EefEU)

SFW

**u/hereforthestrange** (18,047 points)

I can show you my tiny ass dick if it makes you feel better, bro.

**u/bitterdick** (16,638 points)

The only solution is to seek out this ex boyfriend and have sex with him yourself. You’ll show that girl who means business.

**u/-guarded713** (11,874 points)

Seriously. Past a certain point (a pretty modest point tbh), shit just hurts.

Edit: no more descriptions of penis pain, please :(

**u/storminnormangorman** (11,808 points)

I used to own a gym &amp; one of my regulars had broken up with his wife &amp; went off the radar for a year or two. 

He popped back one night for a chat &amp; a catch-up. He said that at one point he’d got a new girlfriend who was a screamer- she shouted &amp; threw herself about &amp; was ridiculously vocal in bed. 

He reckons he’d had sex with her about 3 or 4 times &amp; whenever he was banging her he was the king of the world. 

...Until half way through their next performance when she stopped all the histrionics and said something along the lines of, “ I fucking love shagging you- my last boyfriend’s cock was too big &amp; it used to hurt me. But yours, yours fits just fine.”

And that was the last time they had sex. 

And then he told all his mates thinking they would sympathise. Oh how they laughed.

**u/Terri_Schiavo275** (11,557 points)

Damn bro, that’s rough. I feel like once you hit long term relationship status, you sterilize your phone. That shit would probably ruin me.

**u/im_still_in_beta_** (9,965 points)

Maybe it was just the perspective. I always thought I had a huge dick, turns out I just have really tiny hands.

**u/ToastedNaught** (9,363 points)

This actually gave me second hand heartbreak dude.... Like...im so sorry man

**u/Keighlon** (9,126 points)

Theres always a bigger fish...

**u/AdvancedPalsy** (8,088 points)

At least OP seems to be in good enough spirits to choose a funny name, instead of "brbkillingmyself69" or something

**u/QuiteSmallDoodles** (7,631 points)

I think your feelings are very valid. It's not just about the dick size. Often times, when you find out that your current SO's ex had better income, better job, bigger dick, bigger boobs, or more, you are bound to compare yourself with him/her.

If you truly love your girlfriend and wish to continue the relationship, just sit down with her and be honest. Tell her that you accidentally stumbled upon previous photos with her ex. Don't mention anything about the dick size. Just ask her why she kept those photos. And if she says anything along the line of - I forgot to delete them and all she cares about is you, then you should feel confident that she loves you as a person and everything about you. Of course, you will still have a bit of doubt in yourself that you will never be as good as her ex, but there is a reason why she broke up with her ex, right?  


Edit : Words

**u/p0tu** (7,158 points)

Or just imagine that she was sucking 2 coke cans staked on each other as mentioned in the original post.

**u/[deleted]** (7,093 points)

RIP his outbox too

**u/kopecs** (6,778 points)

R.I.P. your inbox

**u/Sir_Dragon17** (6,276 points)

Still covered my phone while opening this at work

**u/redribbonrecon** (6,212 points)

Also kept them to remember the damage it caused.

**u/Babbylemons** (6,130 points)

If it’s that big it probably hurt her. She probably prefers yours tbh.

**u/Barph** (5,923 points)

I wouldn't even say modest, the dick really has to be tiny to fit inside [M]ine.

EDIT: this was a joke about putting penises into other penises. I'm straight and please stop messaging me.

**u/S011110M4112** (5,357 points)

Having a small penis is great.  I never accidentally slam my car door on it, my wife let's me do anal, and I can be naked at the beach and everyone just assumes I'm a really hairy toddler.

**u/Terri_Schiavo275** (5,166 points)

I feel like most people in a long term relationship don’t have  pictures/videos of them trying to gobble a baseball bat on their phones.

**u/stopcounting** (4,865 points)

Woman here, this is 100% correct.

**u/illigal** (4,789 points)

Well yeah. Trying to 69 a dick like that would be suicide.
