# /r/tifu last weekend

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/ThatAstronautGuy  
**Score:** 98,083  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/6suvyd/rtifu_last_weekend/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/FG204** (18,091 points)

Too early to explore space, too late to explore Earth, just in time to read about people fucking coconuts

**u/PicturElements** (7,015 points)

frist of all how *dare* u mod shitpost

sceond of all how *dare* u sticky ur shitpost

---

Edit: I've been paid $3000 for this, but I'd like to ~~shill~~ recommend /r/CoconutHate and also show my support for the most wholesome sub on earth: /r/OnionLovers.

---

Edit 2: It appears my comod and "friend" /u/awkwardtheturtle (aka /u/awkwardtheonionlover) has been brainwashed by the anti-onion lobby and in the process unstickied this shitpost and thus bereft the audience of the world class humor of said post. This will not stand. Spread this to CNN, Breitbart, BBC, and iloveonions.blogspot.com. The one true path is onions, and onions only. Fuck cilantro, though. /r/cilantrohate

**u/awkwardtheturtle** (6,494 points)

And for once it's not just your mom calling me again! Amazing!

**u/math_debates** (4,382 points)

There is like 18 moderators in here. It's coconuts.

**u/ThatAstronautGuy** (3,347 points)

/u/awkwardtheturtle look, someone is actually willing to fuck you

**u/freppapigfriji** (3,343 points)

Fucking a coconut is good. Fuck coconuts. Don't just read about people fucking them.

**u/get10net** (2,210 points)

-Do you like coconuts?

-Like to eat em or to fuck em?

0_o

Good job Reddit, the next time someone asks me if I like coconuts I'm gonna have to let them know I don't fuck em either.

**u/Frack-rebel** (2,166 points)

Ya let's fuck them! Wait...

**u/Merari01** (2,072 points)

Last weekend we fucked up and this resulted in the great reddit coconutting of 2017.

It was bad and we feel bad. 

u/Llim has been crying all day. Send [kittens](https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcR8YBsyJ04t59Xr2FW8QWzc2BjnFmAucxoVhdKN_2_W9EbLCp8VRg).

**u/0xym0r0n** (1,982 points)

Ohhhhhhh shiiiitttt

That man had a family!... Wait, I guess you knew that if you are porking his mom.

**u/Bustyturtlelover** (1,675 points)

Oh my god, I've witnessed Reddit history. The great coco-nutting of 2017. What a time to be alive.

**u/superboyk** (1,639 points)

This is what 2017 will be known for fucking coconuts.

**u/Llim** (1,439 points)

#BTFO

**u/PicturElements** (1,172 points)

She can't. She's on a world tour.

It's pretty sad, actually. Nothing to joke about. His mom is a wreck, y'know, hairy on the outside and hollow inside.

Kind of like a coconut.

**u/awkwardtheturtle** (1,134 points)

His mum can stay ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

**u/You2110** (1,113 points)

Is it surprising that the first dude fucked his coconut for like a week and others couldn't last a day ?

**u/N8theGr8** (918 points)

Post more coconut stories this upcoming weekend please, I enjoy /u/llim's tears

**u/haikubot-1911** (918 points)

_Eat the coconut_

_Someone else has fucked for that_

_Extra nut flavor._


&amp;nbsp;


&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; ^- ^mikitric


------------------------------
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot ^^made ^^by ^^/u/Eight1911. ^^I ^^detect ^^haiku.

**u/Llim** (895 points)

http://i.imgur.com/ZHqCeKB.gifv

**u/GallowBoob** (887 points)

Look at the moderators karmawhoring. This sub has gone to shit ^^^/s

**u/sweetcuppingcakes** (780 points)

I feel like I just stumbled into the teachers lounge at school

**u/Vihul** (752 points)

☐ Not rekt 
☑ Rekt 
☑ Really Rekt 
☑ Tyrannosaurus Rekt 
☑ Cash4Rekt.com 
☑ Grapes of Rekt 
☑ Ship Rekt 
☑ Rekt markes the spot 
☑ Caught rekt handed 
☑ The Rekt Side Story 
☑ Singin' In The Rekt 
☑ Painting The Roses Rekt 
☑ Rekt Van Winkle 
☑ Parks and Rekt 
☑ Lord of the Rekts: The Reking of the King 
☑ Star Trekt 
☑ The Rekt Prince of Bel-Air 
☑ A Game of Rekt 
☑ Rektflix 
☑ Rekt it like it's hot 
☑ RektBox 360 
☑ The Rekt-men 
☑ School Of Rekt 
☑ I am Fire, I am Rekt 
☑ Rekt and Roll 
☑ Professor Rekt 
☑ Catcher in the Rekt 
☑ Rekt-22 
☑ Harry Potter: The Half-Rekt Prince 
☑ Great Rektspectations 
☑ Paper Scissors Rekt 
☑ RektCraft 
☑ Grand Rekt Auto V 
☑ Call of Rekt: Modern Reking 2 
☑ Legend Of Zelda: Ocarina of Rekt 
☑ Rekt It Ralph 
☑ Left 4 Rekt

**u/Admiral_Sjo** (724 points)

Wait a second...

**u/IGiveFreeCompliments** (710 points)

&gt; I don't fuck em either 

I won't judge 

-----

Edit: every time I make a dirty joke, I feel the need to redeem myself. [So, here you go.](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/6suwhn/hairswap/dlfs7jt/) Enjoy those if you haven't seen them already. 😊

**u/mapam** (667 points)

[NSFW](http://i.imgur.com/K2ir0SH.jpg)
