# The FCC just voted to end net neutrality. But the fight isn’t over. We can get Congress to overturn their vote using a Congressional Resolution of Disapproval. It only takes a simple majority in the House and Senate. We can do this.

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/Shylo132  
**Score:** 96,301  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/7jtxc5/the_fcc_just_voted_to_end_net_neutrality_but_the/  

---

The FCC just voted to repeal all existing net neutrality protections. They are giving giant ISPs like Verizon and Comcast the power to control what we can see and do online with new fees, throttling, and censorship. This will ruin the fundamentally open nature of the internet. **This fight isn’t over though, there is still a clear path to victory.**

The organizations behind Battle For The Net are launching a new campaign to demand that Congress step in and restore net neutrality via [Congressional Review Act](https://www.everycrsreport.com/reports/R43992.html) (CRA).

The CRA let’s our elected officials in Congress overrule actions taken by Federal agencies like the FCC. And it’s different from a normal bill because it only requires a simple majority in the Senate and House to pass. Given the level of public backlash and polls showing that 83% of voters from across the political spectrum oppose the FCC’s plan, and given that several Republicans have already started to publicly criticize the FCC vote, we have a real chance to making this happen. **But it won’t be easy, and it can only happen within 60 legislative days of the order going into effect.**

We can’t stop now. [Contact your reps today and demand that they preserve net neutrality through Congressional Review Act](https://www.battleforthenet.com/)

You’ll see a script on your screen, or you can say something like this:

&gt; I support Title II net neutrality, and I urge you to use the Congressional Review Act to pass a “resolution of disapproval” reversing the FCC’s December vote to repeal the Open Internet Order.”

**You can also text BATTLE to Text "BATTLE" to 384-387 to use a simple chat-bot to send a message to your lawmakers.**

We can still win this. Even if you’ve already contacted your reps, now is the time to call them again. We need all hands on deck. Please, take a moment and make the call, then spread the word, sticky this post, or help drive traffic to https://www.battleforthenet.com/

---

## Top Comments

**u/rnean** (12,371 points)

Gentleman, it has been a privilege shitposting with you

**u/AlienFangerz** (3,334 points)

( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 

Might be one of the last times I get to do that. :(

**u/Ghost4509** (3,112 points)

"TIFU by repealing net neutrality and making literally everyone in America fucking hate me."

**u/IHave20** (2,936 points)

You seem Ajitated....

Edit: First gold was a pun, what do I do now?

**u/on2muchcoffee** (2,250 points)

While I understand the disappointment about the NN ruling, the fight in Washington isn't finished.  The FTC currently has a case against AT&amp;T awaiting decision by the 9th Circuit Court.  
If the 9th reverses its position, the FTC takes some ownership of the net, or at least policing the policies of providers.  The issue at hand is whether providers like AT&amp;T, Verizon and Comcast are classified as common carriers.  If they are, then it falls to the FCC to regulate them.  If they aren't, the FTC has some pull.

The case revolves around AT&amp;T throttling bandwidth for customers offered unlimited data plans.  The FTC fined them $100 mil. for essentially false advertising.

FTC v. AT&amp;T Mobility, No. 15-16585

In the meantime, there is absolutely no reason why Congress shouldn't get flooded with messages.

**u/Swiftsolar** (1,846 points)

I hav.. *Please pay 5$ to unlock comment*.

**u/quantythequant** (1,568 points)

I’ve officially lost all respect for US government.

**u/dontcallmeia** (1,195 points)

pies I like:
apple
blueberry
key lime

pais I don’t like:
Ajit

**u/petlahk** (956 points)

Oh buddy, I did that months ago.

**u/lookslikeamirac** (716 points)

I'd appreciate an alternative site that doesn't include in the fine print a "We will contact you for future campaigns" with no way to opt out.

That being said, I contacted my representatives through their own websites.

**u/TheLegendMomo** (673 points)

Please, everyone get on board and make the calls. Despite what people say, your voice DOES matter. This proposal has been shot down twice before, it can get shot down again. Don’t lose hope.

**u/Keithic** (656 points)

I’ve never gotten gold on Reddit, in 5 years. It’s cruel 

Edit: 🐙

Edit2: My dad called and said I'm not a disappointment! 🐙🐙

**u/gingerbuttholeater** (584 points)

Do you want to end up like the 15 million merits episode of Black Mirror? 

Do you want to be able to watch that episode? 

Message your rep otherwise itll be bad

**u/flunschlik** (561 points)

[This is a premium comment. Please gild to unlock.]

**u/Greatlubu** (529 points)

Years ago***

Ftfy

**u/You_Are_A_Ten** (501 points)

I have a plan to help win over these politicians and save the internet. Most of these politicians are old white guys; unfit, unattractive, but with trophy wives. I think we should create a Navy Seal like team of Reddit's most handsome and charming men to swoop in and bang the politicians wives. We will call them the Reddit Seals. Also, they can earn their trust and learn the husband's dark secrets which we can then use to influence their decisions on Net Neutrality. It will all be somehow legally documented by the legal advice sub.

Finding the Right Redditors will be the real challenge. We have to verify they are handsome, charming, and most importantly, good in bed. I will start by creating the verification process myself. I wouldn't qualify as handsome or charming but I will try to set the standard in bed. I will contact the top 100 female posters on gonewild, and explain to them how they need to sleep with me to save the internet. After sleeping will all of them i'll let them rate me from 1-100. Then someone can make a cool graph in that cool graph sub. Then the internet will be saved!

**u/Shylo132** (487 points)

[Comment not visible because you don't own the AT&amp;T Comment bundle]

**u/XanXic** (462 points)

As someone who has been participating in every form of this fight since 2015 this last year has been work. From fcc comments to direct emails and calls/letters to my reps. With the announcement today I actually felt like I totally wasted my time. 

I have never seen an issue that's almost so unanimous, vocal and following procedure. And none of it mattered. Not even a hint of compromise. Now it's a fight that has become even harder. I absolutely feel like my government was bought off today and lost faith in it.

 I didn't even feel this remotely defeated when Trump won. It felt like the system doing what it does, I accepted it and buckled in.

I'll keep trying but damn is my spirit broken.

Edit: Just now heard the corporate tax cut went through. Slipped under my radar with all this. Jesus Christ! USA Inc

**u/sexyjpg** (434 points)

Decades ago***

FTFY

**u/LoveThyFood** (381 points)

Whose idea was it that ~~SIX~~ FIVE people have right to vote for net neutrality? 

EDIT: Sorry! I miscounted!

**u/marijvations** (350 points)

Damn that's what's it's going to be like... Reminds me of the season finale of the Sopranos.. where Ton......
...............
............
.............
.............

**u/Greatlubu** (347 points)

I will go down with this beautiful.ship called the internet, as any good troll would.

Rip lads see you in another life.

**u/fatproduce** (317 points)

Ajit Pai and the two others that voted against #NetNeutrality are enemies of the American people.

I don't know who's worse these "people" or natural disasters. You don't see hurricanes fucking people over for a God damn percentage.

**u/bbq-chips** (293 points)

What? Respect for the US government? What are you talking about?

**u/JediOfTheShire** (289 points)

[Comment not visible because you don't own the Random-Ass-Third-World-Entity-That-Will-Sell-Your-Credit-Card-Information-But-Holds-The-Rights-To-Random-Stuff-You-Want-To-See Comment bundle]
