# TIFU by confiscating my son’s Gameboy and hiding it. For 18 years...

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/cbelt3  
**Score:** 92,456  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/mk9j8n/tifu_by_confiscating_my_sons_gameboy_and_hiding/  

---

My son was not doing his homework so I confiscated his GBA. I told him he would get it back next week.

Well he’s a pretty clever dude and knew all my hiding places, so I put it someplace he would never look.

Except I suffered a TBI a few years earlier and I forget stuff. So when he did his homework and asked for it back after a week, I ... could not find it. Aargh. I looked everywhere.

Narrator: Obviously not everywhere...

Then we moved house. And I still didn’t find it. 

Spongebob: 18 YEARS LATER...

I was donating some coats I had not worn in a long time. And in the pocket of a Viennese trench coat from the 1930’s, I found... his Gameboy Advance. And turned it on. And it WORKED. Pokémon appeared. 

I put fresh batteries into it and handed it to my 28 year old son. Who proceeded to laugh for a good five minutes. Then played it for a few hours. Then proceeded to tell my wife and other adult children how silly I was.

TL/DR: Hid kid’s Gameboy, forgot where. Found it almost 20 years later. Family has further proof that I’m an idiot.

---

## Top Comments

**u/a22e** (12,417 points)

I can't believe the GBA is 18+ years old.

**u/higbee77** (7,995 points)

I bet he did all his homework in those 18 years.

**u/CakeAccomplice12** (6,930 points)

Is it just me

Or does the gameboy exist in a different echelon to other toys/entertainment devices


I see stories like this from time to time where a gameboy is lost to the ether for decades

Gets found

Still works

And everything about life is better?

I never see a story like this about a game gear or anything else

**u/cbelt3** (6,130 points)

Heh... no. I bought him a replacement. And a micro GBA that he lost. And I found it a number of years later too !

**u/apathetichic** (3,527 points)

I was 9 when I got mine, I'm now 29. I definitely spent my Christmas money on it and my dad bought me my first game (puyo puyo)

**u/charlie523** (3,378 points)

Dad...? Is that you??

Jokes aside my parents also hid my gameboy color all the time because I would secretly play under my bed covers when I should be sleeping. They kept hiding it but I kept finding it. I don’t remember how old I was but i was probably around 10-12. I’m 30 now and to this day I honestly don’t remember what happened to it, and my parents also don’t remember what happened to it. My theory was that it was hid really well for a long duration and eventually everyone just forgot, maybe went on vacation or something. I really do miss it though it was my childhood.

**u/lebre65** (2,896 points)

he didn't lose it, keep digging more coats

**u/Rampage_Rick** (1,540 points)

Did you hear about the one that survived a bombing?

https://www.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/c2jtb2/this_gameboy_survived_a_bombing_during_the_1991/

**u/CakeAccomplice12** (1,480 points)

Cockroaches

Nokia phones

Gameboys

Name anything else that would survive a nuclear holocaust

**u/howmanychickens** (1,266 points)

Sounds like a good investment to me. 

&gt; Buy lots of coats

&gt; Leave coats somewhere for 10+ years

&gt; Look in coats. You now have gameboys.

**u/CheesusHChrust** (934 points)

Cher

McDonald’s hamburger 

The taxman

**u/partyhat-red** (801 points)

My first game was jurassic Park because I loved dinosaurs and was sure it was some epic dinosaur fighting game or something. Turned out it was just a shitty building/tycoon type of game, played for like 5minutes and never touched it again. Then I found pokemon and the rest is history.

**u/lang12** (788 points)

I remember playing while grounded by *technically* abiding my dad's rules. 

"No TV (N64) for you" would equal "Ok, Gameboy time"

**u/c00kies44** (502 points)

Cher can survive a nuclear attack, but can't live after love.

**u/president-of-nothing** (440 points)

The more modern equivalent of this was me with my 3DS. "No smart phone or laptop time for you" became "Ok, slow 3DS internet time"

**u/CoffeeMystery** (389 points)

So what’s the story with the Viennese trench coat from the ‘30s?

**u/HardAcres** (367 points)

Hahahah I had a good laugh at this. Thanks! Just what a needed this evening.

**u/lebre65** (359 points)

it's basically Nintendo fishnets

**u/cbelt3** (352 points)

Belonged to my wife’s grandfather. He studied architecture before the war. Came over to the US after escaping to Austria (American Zone) during the last days of the war with his wife and daughter. With jewelry sewn into his daughters coat that they used to bribe their way past the guards.

**u/AaronDonald4MVP** (342 points)

An opening to tell a semi-relevant funny story.

My mom did this to me too, except that I knew her hiding spots. I found my game boy right away and moved the furniture in my room around so I could play in my bed and shove it under a pillow if my mom walked in. My bookshelf and desk broke the line of sight from my doorway. 

Years later I asked if she knew I had my game boy all that time, after shifting my room around. She thought for a second and it dawned on her and her response was, “oh we just thought you learned about your dick”.

**u/forbins** (312 points)

Oh she can live it, she just can’t believe it!

**u/apathetichic** (298 points)

My heart breaks for young you, that had to be super disappointing

**u/gingergirl181** (242 points)

It's 20 my dude. Came out on March 21, 2001.

**u/partyhat-red** (233 points)

Oh it was lol. Wasted all my saved money on the gba and my dad said he'd buy me 1 game and that's what I got. Good thing it played gb games though, just played my old gb games until I saved up for pokemon ruby.
