# TIFU by banging my first cousin.

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/fkditallup  
**Score:** 92,243  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/f7e88e/tifu_by_banging_my_first_cousin/  

---

So, didn't happen today, but last weekend. Finally getting around to really processing it all and I guess trying to deal with it.

Went out for drinks with my girlfriend and met up with my younger cousin at the bar. We'd all hung out once before and had a great time. My cousin invited a couple of her friends to the bar too; we did some barhopping. I got shitfaced pretty unintentionally (The last bar was, I swear, not putting any mixers in my cocktails, they were straight alcohol). So anyway we're about to leave and my cousin's friends are trying to get her home, because she's shitfaced too. Well, my gf was our DD so we offered to let her stay in our spare room. Everyone was cool with that because who's safer than family, right?

Wrong. We get home and (I had to piece together some of this later because I blacked out for most of it) apparently initially everything was cool. My cousin went to the spare room and my gf got her situated. The problems started a little later when I, in my infinite wisdom, decided to walk straight out of my bedroom with my girlfriend in it, and into my cousin's room. I don't particularly remember much except for two details which I guess are not important to the story. Well, okay so one might be. I remember her giving me a *very* enthusiastic BJ, which, as you can imagine, makes a lot of noise. Apparently after a while my gf came out of the room wondering where I was because I just fucking disappeared. She didn't barge into the room or anything, but she heard the noises which is pretty fucking obvious. So at that point, she left. Like, me. She left me, and I don't blame her.

Anyway that means I wake up the next morning, having blacked out, oblivious that my gf was gone already, but I'm fucking naked next to my naked cousin. There's cum all over the bed where her face was, she didn't even sleep with a pillow. There's obviously no hiding this but I'm still half-drunk and I went to try to go sneak back into my room, which I found empty. So yeah.

I haven't heard from my gf all week, and I'm sure we're done, and I don't blame her. All I can hope for now is that this shit doesn't get out to my family, because I would probably implode. No, my cousin and I are not going to start hooking up regularly. It's actually super awkward and she has hardly said a word to me either. Again, I don't blame her.

TL;DR drunkenly slept with my cousin, ruined my relationship, family might hear about it, I'm an idiot.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Bozwell99** (29,251 points)

Usually in TIFU stories there is some shred of a defence explaining away what happened, but not this time.

**u/lurkerlurkinatyou** (28,967 points)

Ok you win, that's fucked up

**u/rori-kyonyuu** (28,861 points)

Well, at least your ex has a leg up in any "shittiest breakup" conversations.  "Caught my ex fucking his cousin while I was in the next room" will be tough to beat.

**u/ZenohOzai** (20,571 points)

Just start saving up to move far away from anyone who ever knew you

**u/Writ_inwater** (17,925 points)

After she soberly tolerated their drunk asses, drove them home, and put them to bed like babies.

This girl deserves a fucking gold medal for ever putting up with OP.

**u/nerftosspls** (16,123 points)

Working abroad is what got him into this

**u/fkditallup** (15,411 points)

Let me tell you, it's not a great feeling. My gf was right there and would have happily slept with me. Apparently I have issues. I'm a fucking moron.

**u/freecain** (15,331 points)

TIFU by banging my married cousin and blasting porn on my parents bluetooth speakers while being poisoned by carbon monoxide and now my phone is stuck up my ass despite having explosive diarhea for two days because of the gas station dick pills I took after drinking too much when my mom found my "special coconut"

**u/fkditallup** (14,875 points)

If my family finds out, I probably will move. Maybe even out of the country. Seriously. I couldn't handle a family reunion.

**u/Valogrid** (14,239 points)

Not enough options at the reunions or?

Edit: My first gold! Thank you kind stanger!

**u/freecain** (14,136 points)

I think you might find this link helpful: [47 work abroad](https://travelfreak.com/work-abroad-programs/) programs

**u/dbx99** (13,770 points)

Hate to drop this one but that’s a consequence that might warrant a look at your alcohol use in general.  DUI, getting in trouble at work, relationship issues are usually the signs to take a hard look at your relationship with alcohol.

**u/BigNinja96** (13,381 points)

As soon as I saw there was a girlfriend involved, I was really, really hoping this was just gonna be some weird threesome story where you ended up having the feels for your cousin, post-poke. 

But, nope...there is is. You left non-familial poonany and went and covered your first cousin with her second cousins. 

Yep...that’s FU.

**u/ohyeahwell** (12,938 points)

A cum chalk outline of some grisly murder. Jackson Pollock meets Keith Haring.

**u/DraylorHotS** (12,841 points)

My wife fucked her brother in my bed when i went upstairs to sleep. We had company over and they were a bit loud, and my bed is on the first floor where they all were so i decided to go upstairs cause it would be quieter. 

Woke up about 2-3 hours later and went downstairs to grab water and rejoin my wife but she already had company. 

I’m pretty sure i win shittest breakup story.

Edit: probably should have used a throwaway for this but whatever.

Edit2: to answer a lot of common questions-
They have the same mother but different fathers, so they’re technically half brother/sister. 

She was adopted and met him about 6 months prior. They were talking on the phone constantly to the point where even though i was happy she found her family i had to let her know i thought the frequency of their talking was weird. They’re (still) literally on the phone 24/7. I’ve caught her trying to put him on mute and in her pocket so they’d still “be together”. It’s insanely unhealthy. 

Yes they were drunk. But they knew what they were doing. And they’re still doing it to this day. 

I found out about this in February of 2019, i attempted to try to work things out with her and she had said they were just talking and it wasn’t like that anymore. I got a Facebook video chat request from her brothers then girlfriend telling me she found inappropriate texts between them and left him. She again told me they were done and they weren’t taking anymore after that because his girlfriend had outed them to her newfound family and she received messages from her sisters telling her they were disgusted and wished they never found her etc. I believed again they were done at this point. We were going out for my birthday in April and I found her sending pictures of herself dressed up to him with replies about how sexy she looked and emails between them about how “you know what we have, we can’t deny it anymore”. It was gut wrenching and heartbreaking. I served her shortly after. She’s been delaying the court dates claiming she needs more time to find a lawyer because she doesn’t have anywhere else to go and the house is in my name and i can’t exactly evict her. 

The game of thrones references aren’t as funny as you think they are when it’s happening to you in real life. That was one of my favorite shows and i can’t even think about it anymore. Neither are the pornhub ones. I literally can’t go on a porn site to jerk off anymore because everything is incest related and i instantly shut down. 

I may do a tifu of my own or maybe a different subreddit at some point. It’s been cathartic to get this out there and read some nice replies and support from everyone, but the jokes and the people who think I’m making this up for fucking internet points might outweigh it. 

For everyone who’s said something kind or comforting, thank you. And thank you for the awards although i really don’t think this is award worthy. I’m absolutely miserable. I’ve been with her for literally half my life. She’s the mother of my child. I never expected to lose her like this.

**u/Ic3Hot** (10,760 points)

”There was cum everywhere, like where her face was*”

Yeah bruv.


*EDITED!!!!

**u/starstarstar42** (10,603 points)

Honestly, the inordinately high frequency with which redditors seem to bang close relatives, crap themselves in public, lose things up their body cavities, and leave their bluetooth speakers on is shocking.

**u/SayHiToMyBoomStick** (10,411 points)

"Hi I'm here for the gang bang."

**u/fkditallup** (10,229 points)

You're right. There's been a lot of self-reflection this week

**u/espritcrafter** (10,217 points)

You just casually stroll to the family reunion carrying a bunch of alcohol and ask: "Who wants a drink?"

**u/jaaval** (7,891 points)

Have you considered joining légion étrangère? Or some other military group that will throw you to fight some unknown conflict in the middle of nowhere for several years, teach you a new language, and give you citizenship of another country? That's probably your best option right now.

**u/Fidelis29** (6,808 points)

How was it?

**u/antd79** (6,189 points)

I  look  forward  to  reading  your ex-gfs future posts in r/trashy.

**u/rori-kyonyuu** (6,063 points)

Damn.  Yeah, his was tough to beat, but you managed it.  

Congratulations on your win, I guess...?

**u/DraylorHotS** (5,808 points)

This happened last February. She was adopted and recently found her family through Facebook. The brother was visiting from the great state of Oklahoma. We’re currently in a divorce battle for custody of my son. We were together for 17 years married for 7. Still hurts.

Edit: Oh we tried to work it out but she’s still in a relationship with him to this day. Forgot to add that. Apparently science says siblings who were separated at birth and meet up later in life are commonly sexually attracted to each other. I didn’t expect either of them to act on it though.
