# TIFU by jumping into a lake in my bra/panties to save a man that turned out to be an elite military scuba diver in training

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/CheerfulChaosPancake  
**Score:** 91,000  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/h7mzd3/tifu_by_jumping_into_a_lake_in_my_brapanties_to/  

---

I’m couch-surfing with my sister and her BF; I work for him at the lake-side bar, trying to pay for college. My state is “open” and while I’m not thrilled, I need both the job and my scored sofa accommodations to make it work. To give them their space, and myself a break from the doomscrolling, I take a run by the lake in the mornings. This lake is bombass and draws scuba divers to the flooded town at the bottom.

Today, I was in my own head running when a dark mass floated to the surface 40 feet away. I was on the craggy side of the lake and this dude looked dead. D.E.A.D. Facing away from me, his head was tipped back, eyes closed, bobbing like a fishing lure. No one else was around, so I thought he was quantum crazy out here scuba diving alone at the crackass of dawn, giving himself the bends or some nonsense.

Like a jackass, I didn’t yell at him to check-in. Instead, I toed off my shoes and stripped to my skivvies to save the imbecile. The movie trailer in my head had me taking three glorious steps and launching into the deep blue water, black widow style. Instead, my tender feet hit the sharp rocks and I contorted under the pain like a slinky as I uncoordinatedly pitched myself into the water, doing a side-flop. I was also wearing my contacts so I swam hard in his direction with my eyes closed.

When I open them, he was dead-ass staring at me like I’d lost my ever-lovin’ mind, so I blurted, “Are you okay?”

He removed the regulator and incredulously said “yes”.

My brain blue-screened while I tread water. The lake felt infinitely deep. Before I could terrify myself by hearing the jaws theme song, I turned to nope the hell out of there, yelling over my shoulder, “I thought you needed saving” to explain my idiocy.

As I pivoted, another dude cleared his throat from 30 feet away on the other side. I never heard a sound from him so I freaked out, failing and belting an ear wounding scream at him.

Both asshats laughed as a few more heads surfaced around us. I was surrounded by divers all wildly entertained by my ridiculous high-octane FU. After pointing to me and the beach, the merman that was my original target cautiously swam toward me after I nodded and “escorted” me to the shore.

The beach was much further than I had anticipated, so I was trying to low-key breath, hiding my need to suck all of the O2 from the air. Also, the comedy of the situation consumed me and I started to giggle. Finally, I joked, “Dude, you are lucky you weren’t actually dying because It would have taken everything I have to drag your sorry ass this far.”

He chuckled before offering me a “tow.”

“Hell, no! Not gonna happen.” Even if I had to dog paddle, I wouldn’t openly accept that defeat.

He quietly mocked me the rest of the way to the shore. I’m a secret sap for it.

They were cadets or recent graduates from a military college, here for the summer. They’ve been training in pools and were doing some “open water” exercises; they had been out there at least part of the night. I’m sure I blew-up whatever drill they were running. He’s training for pre-dive school (?) and since I am an expert googler, I’m guessing that means combat diving.

At the shore, I did my best to throw my shoulders back and march out of the water in my sports bra and undies in front of what I can only imagine are some pretty badass men. I did invite him and his clandestine crew for an absurdly overpriced beer at the bar tonight before shame-jogging back into the woods for my clothes.

TL;DR I tried to save an injured diver-ended up crashing some kind of military training.

EDIT: It's Lake Jocassee in SC. Also, the mereman cheated: he was wearing a floaty vest and fins, that bastard. Ok, I’ll admit there is a part of me that is attracted to his mysterious appearance from the shadow realm, and I’m definitely imaging that he’s constructed from some kind of aluminum steel alloy, but he was also funny and kind. I was vibing his proclivity for witty and sarcastic comments and have a million questions I want to ask him. Ha

EDIT2: Okay, at work now and had to turn off the notifications because you snippers are blowing me up. To all the ladies giving advice earlier...yes, I left the dragon-flies at home and went full cute sundress and Jesus sandals. Tried to wear my hair straight, but it's hot as hate out here and it'll be beach wave sweaty before long. My sister's BF has blabbed the whole thing and all of the staff is in full-on ribbing mode. Kinda great actually. They are currently reading the Reddit post so they are cackling at you people too. So, even if he doesn't show, we're gonna have a great night. We have a long way to go since it's just the dinner crowd, but thanks for making my day great people.

EDIT3: Solid dinner crowd, but no mereman, or frog prince as you people have started to call him. Our lakeside drinking crew will start rolling in another 1-2 hours. I thought you salty bastards of TIFU would chew me up and spit me out, but look at you all showing up in the name of love! You guys are awesome, even if I get ditched it was worth the day with you.

EDIT4: 1 hor later. Still no show :(

EDIT5: HE SHOWED! Holy shit, a little bit ago. Yes, I was as dorky as you would have imagined and now I’m typing this from the bathroom like a dumbass again, but I feel like you people are on the ride with me. He’s handsome and funny and he smells great. Yes, I hugged him. I’m southern…its what we do…not the smelling, the hugging. He’s nice, and smart and keeps defending me from my jackass friends at the bar, who have almost called him merman to his face. I think he low-key likes that everyone knew who he was, but not sure how he’ll feel about being a Reddit celebrity. I’ve learned a lot about him, but it wouldn’t be fair to share without his permission. His whole crew did not come, only one and his bud immediately started flirting with my co-worker. That’s a good sign. I think. Holy, shit you’d think I’d never met up with a guy before. Also, my friend straight up asked him if he saw my “dragonfly undies that look like penises with MASSIVE, glow-in-the-dark turquoise blue balls” only she used the Reddit version  (thanks for that nickname Reddit). He didn’t answer but smirked the truth to me after she left. It was cheeky but cute. He’s also been sharing some of the shit that he's been taking today from being “saved”. He has the same self-deprecating sense of humor as me. I think we are vibing. So, that’s all the updates for tonight. He’s getting the rest of my attention. Keep sending me those good vibes and peace people.

EDIT6: Last and final update because you guys are not letting up. I know this may seem weird since I posted this whole situation out into cyberspace for everyone to see, but yesterday it was just a comical story about a guy I didn't think I would ever see again. Something funny to share when we all need a giggle. Today...well...it feels different to talk about him now that we've spent some time together. I like him. There’s chemistry and similar interest and we have plans to see each other again. I don’t need the pressure of Reddit to help me screw things up. You guys know I’m a bit of an expert in that regard. That’s all, so go do something you love and find a way to at least balance the doomscrolling with some belly laughs. Sending much love to each of you.

EDIT7: “Updates!” You people keep screaming over 3 weeks later. Don’t you have better things to do than pester me about my love life? Ha. The merman, the frog prince, the dashing man from depths, the king of the shadow realm (and the many other nicknames that Reddit has bestowed) is still very much in my life. He’s better than I can describe with my mortal words. Fangirl him if you must because I will understand. Thank you all for the well-wishes and positivity that this post has given. I hope something amazing and magical happens to each of you, and if it happens to be shamefully funny, I hope you will share because we all need as many laughs as we can get. Be safe, everyone.

---

## Top Comments

**u/ReworkingMyself** (18,017 points)

I feel like there are probably easier ways to get a guy. A+ for effort.

**u/anewcliche** (11,678 points)

Excellent story. You probably made their morning after a long and boring training session. 

A+ job inviting them to the bar. Please update us after they show up!

**u/CheerfulChaosPancake** (10,460 points)

So what you are saying is that being spectacularly stupid is not gonna help me pull?

**u/WillowGirl666** (6,395 points)

Honestly, i find this quite admirable and wholesome! Kuddos to you for being an empathetic and courageous person!

**u/CheerfulChaosPancake** (5,593 points)

That mysterious vibe made my day. I hope they show, but either way I have this bombass story that no one will ever believe to share with all of my friends when they come back to school.

**u/CheerfulChaosPancake** (5,140 points)

Dude, I appreciate it, but you don’t even know the half of it. I was wearing a raggedy-ass, elastic-showing pair of cotton undies, covered in neon dragon flies. Only you can’t tell that they are dragon flies and they look like penises with MASSIVE, glow-in-the-dark turquoise blue balls. These are the type of undies that get their own clause in the pre-nupt. My ex has never even seen them. Oh, god…the hot rush of shame.

**u/FlyDeeMouse** (4,434 points)

The romantic in me just absolutely loves this.

**u/jimmyjimjimboso** (3,751 points)

Nah it definitely will, but you can dial it back a little bit if that effort is too much lmao

**u/feizhai** (3,659 points)

witty, courageous, eloquent and not afraid to strip down to ratty panties to save a fellow human. 

don't catch a cold, heroine!

**u/CheerfulChaosPancake** (3,521 points)

Ha- you think I have control over this level of ridiculousness? Nope, just gotta lean in and enjoy the ride.

**u/CheerfulChaosPancake** (2,585 points)

He did say, "Bye, savior" as I walked away. I'll take both.

**u/CheerfulChaosPancake** (2,457 points)

I love all of you. I've actually spent more time with you guys than with the mysterious man from the depths. Although, you both made me laugh.

**u/Mister_Marmite** (1,881 points)

Military guy: "So a fit, smart, witty student with a sense of humour threw herself in the water this morning. Took a bit of grief really well and then invited us for beers. Don't know whether to go cos she had weird pants on". 

His mate: "you're going"

**u/Borderline_deviant** (1,865 points)

There's no kill switch on awesome  ;-)

**u/anewcliche** (1,643 points)

Excellent way to think about the potential outcomes! 

If my experience with military guys is any guide, I’d say there’s about a 95% chance that they’ll show up to the bar if they actually have time off tonight.

**u/lattesandlongruns** (1,535 points)

Guuuuuhhhhhhh!!!!!! Dying! This can NOT be the last time you see each other.

Ok editing to add:

This ends in one of two ways. Option one:

The year is 2030. OP is in a rocky, unfulfilling relationship with a guy that takes her for granted. She is visiting with family by the lake, the same place where she used to couch surf in college. Lost in thought, she decides to go for a run by same lake. Distracted, staring out at the water as she hoofs with great purpose, she trips comically and tumbles over the ledge, into the murky water. Her embarrassing yell could be heard for miles.

Cue military merman, who happens to be in town visiting his buddies, coming back to the lake where they used to train. Recently divorced from a skank ass bitch who cheated while he was overseas being heroic, he needed a guys’ weekend. While staring out into the open water, he sees OP’s great demise, and his training kicks in to high gear. He dives into the water as OP flails, making quick work of the familiar lake.

He reaches OP and says, “are you okay?”

Eyes meet. Flashback moment. Serendipity. Merman couldn’t get the night off that day 10 years ago and has always wondered what happened to his attempted rescuer. Feels like fate. He asks her to dinner - she agrees because, duh. Breaks up with shit bf as soon as she gets back from her run. OP and merman are engaged within 6 months, happily ever after etc etc.

Option 2 - merman and his bros show up tonight and henceforth commence a love story that will rival The Notebook. 

There are no other options.

**u/CheerfulChaosPancake** (1,464 points)

You my friend...I'm totally stealing this as my new life moto. Thank you

**u/Majesty838** (1,449 points)

If you end up dating one of the guys, this could be a hilarious story of how you met

**u/CheerfulChaosPancake** (1,428 points)

Bro, don't get my hopes up. He's probably flashing those hella cute dimples as he swaps off this humiliation story with his LT girlfriend as I type this.

**u/EverydayVelociraptor** (1,205 points)

"Now remember, this isn't a pool, in the wild you will encounter things you don't expect......"

**u/TAISOLDOI** (1,023 points)

Update if they show up for the beers!

**u/CheerfulChaosPancake** (1,009 points)

Hope your psych profile holds water. ha

**u/CheerfulChaosPancake** (946 points)

&gt; Now remember, this isn't a pool, in the wild you will encounter things you don't expect......

Next up in the training..."5 tips for keeping wildlife (and women) away from your pool"

**u/InfernalCape** (935 points)

This post is amazing. You surely made their days, too.

**u/MissPlaceDApostrophe** (919 points)

I think we're all rooting for this!
