# TIFU by thinking a woman was a boy, and groping her boob. (kind of NSFW, though it happened at work)

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/tifuthrowawayTSA4  
**Score:** 89,636  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/eqxnrk/tifu_by_thinking_a_woman_was_a_boy_and_groping/  

---

Obligatory this actually happened a little over a year ago, and throwaway because I don't want people on my main account to know what I do for a living.

So, I work for the TSA, and have for a few years now. It's a good job overall. I'm underpaid, but the benefits are nice, and I get overtime when I want it.

A little over a year ago, during the week leading up to Christmas, we had some really bad weather that delayed all the flights. I volunteered to stay late so that my coworkers could go home to their families. Most of the work was done anyway, so it was mostly just standing around waiting for the odd latecomer

I was working the AIT (the space tube thingy), when three passengers came up together, a middle-aged man, a middle-aged woman, and a teenage boy. I figure it's a family traveling together for the holidays, and go about my work.

Mom goes through, all is fine. Dad goes through, all is fine.

Kid comes up, I get a good look at him. Hoodie, sweatpants, shortish hair, smooth face. I figure he's about 13, maybe 14.

I hit the button, direct him to wait with me for a moment, and then gesture to the screen, which lit up on his chest area.

I tell him that I have to pat that area down. He's a little nervous, I figure that because he's so young, this is probably his first time getting a pat down, but he says okay, and I start the patdown.

I do the left side of the chest, and feel some moob, which catches me off guard because he didn't look chubby at all.

I move to the right side of the chest, read what's on the hoodie, and it all clicks at once. The hoodie has the name of the local college on it. This is an adult, not a child. He's not wearing sweatpants, \*she\* is wearing yoga pants. She doesn't even know the couple that just came through.

I look at her face, which is bright red, my hand is still on her boob, and I pull it back like I just got bit by a snake.

I immediately call for my supervisor, who comes over and asks what's wrong, and I explain the situation to her.

My supervisor covers her mouth, and at first I thought she was absolutely mortified, but then I realized she's trying not to laugh.

She takes a minute to pull herself together, tells me to go take a break, and finishes screening the passenger herself.

Once that was done, I apologize to the passenger, she tells me it's fine, that it wasn't the first time she was mistaken for a boy, and she probably should have said something before I started touching her. I leave her alone, and go talk to my supervisor to figure out exactly how fired I am.

She tells me to calm down, that it was just an honest mistake, and that she has my back if the passenger files an official complaint, but that probably won't happen, and I shouldn't be worried.

That reassured me a little, but I still groped a woman and ruined Christmas, so I feel like an absolute monster.

I swallow my shame, and finish my shift, then I go into the airport proper to find some food, because I just finished a twelve hour shift and there's no way I have the energy to cook dinner.

I saw my hapless victim sitting at her gate, waiting for her flight. I went up to her to apologize again, and saw that the flight had been delayed until morning (it was about eleven at night).

I apologize again, she says it's fine, and I ask her if she's planning to stay the whole night. She says she has to, all the hotels in the area are book.

I tell her that I'm getting some dinner, and offer to get her some food as well. After all, I already got to second base, I think it's only fair that I buy her dinner.

She agrees, and we go to one of the restaurants that is open late, get some food, and start eating.

She said she gets mistaken for a boy a lot, and it's not a big deal. I told her about how I had long hair and no beard in college, and at the gym people would frequently walk into the men's bathroom, see me, and do a double take to make sure they didn't walk into the ladies' room.

She laughed, and we ended up talking for a few hours, before I finally told her that I had to get home, and apologized again for the accidental molestation.

She said that all is forgiven, if I promise to take her on a real date when she gets back.

I agreed, she gave me her phone number, and I went home, and immediately started texting her. We kept talking until her flight finally left, and when she got back I picked her up at the airport, and a few days later took her on that date that I promised her.

We just celebrated our one year anniversary.

She has long hair now.

&amp;#x200B;

tl;dr: Thought an adult woman was a teenage boy, touched her on the boob, everything worked out better than expected.

---

## Top Comments

**u/BrokenPaw** (23,930 points)

I've been inappropriately touched on my butt by, like, three different TSA guys on three separate trips through Denver, and not *once* has any of them offered to buy me dinner.

Gotta be honest, I feel a little left out.

**u/takatori** (20,263 points)

"I'm dating someone I thought was a young boy when we met."

&lt;backs away slowly&gt;

**u/delphian44** (11,007 points)

Weirdly wholesome content.

**u/Iamtheclownking** (10,923 points)

What anime is this?

**u/ExistentialEchidna** (7,127 points)

I've had tsa fondle my testicles like they're trying to count my nut hairs thru my pants, and they've never had the decency to even look me in the eye  while doing it.

**u/Kangar** (5,870 points)

Grab a boob, and you might just meet your future wife.

**u/ozzist** (5,745 points)

Molestation is the foundation of all strong relationships! Me and my uncle have never been closer.

**u/[deleted]** (4,091 points)

And that, kids, is how I met your mother :)

**u/NinjaButNotReally** (3,327 points)

Were you wearing yoga pants?

**u/ozzist** (3,315 points)

Better that than the other way around

**u/phurt77** (3,191 points)

Moan softly and say "Harder daddy" next time.

**u/whatthebuzzz** (3,117 points)

Wasn’t expecting that ending, made me smile for him

**u/ggtsu_00** (3,053 points)

The one where in the first episode, the MC accidentally gropes the girl.

**u/4Coffins** (2,464 points)

There’s a really cute bartender that works near me, wish me luck!

**u/shrizzz** (2,377 points)

So, all of them.

**u/S011110M4112** (2,306 points)

Good luck molesting your future wife.

**u/BrokenPaw** (2,243 points)

Ah! That must be it. I was wearing cargo pants.

Next time I go through Denver, yoga pants it is.

**u/Cocomorph** (2,177 points)

“Affirmative; your request is compatible with TSA regulations, sir.”  

\*crunch\*

**u/soonerpgh** (2,015 points)

This is the best one I've read!

**u/RChamy** (2,002 points)

"I'm dating a young boy when I thought we met someone" ?

**u/crash8308** (1,497 points)

First tifu in a long time with a happy ending that wasn’t a *happy ending*

**u/anomanissh** (1,303 points)

Ok even if this isn’t true I love it.

**u/Liechtensteiner_iF** (1,288 points)

More likely - "I'm dating someone who I later found out is a young boy"

**u/irvin_e1986** (1,225 points)

Wait what?

**u/yildizli_gece** (1,205 points)

I cannot believe how many people believe this is real. 

Sorry--not buying a story about someone mistaking yoga pants for *sweats* (yoga pants are form-fitting!), and she spoke and you didn't recognize that her voice was that of a young woman, and that she agreed to have a meal with you after you found her and questioned whether she was there--alone--all night. 

She is either the most trusting woman ever or this is all BS.
