# TIFU by accidentally getting sexual with my dentist, again.

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/HollowsOfYourHeart  
**Score:** 85,307  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/bmrr18/tifu_by_accidentally_getting_sexual_with_my/  

---

I'm a 32 year old woman who can never go back to my new dentist after two visits because I'm an idiot. 

My dentist is a very nice and professional man. Our first appointment was going pretty smoothly until he made some innocuous remark about us "being strangers." My immediate reply was "oh, you're not a stranger! You've been inside of my mouth for 20 minutes!" I did NOT intend to make a sexual joke. His face turned red and he was clearly embarrassed but he continued on like a true professional and we were probably both relieved when the appointment was over. 

I had my second dentist appointment today. I actually mentally prepared myself to be a model patient who didn't say anything weird, thank you very much. He had been working in my mouth for about 5 minutes when he started to seem really uncomfortable or something. His face was red and he was breathing a little heavier. I was a bit concerned and also confused. Like how could I have embarrassed him this time? I had hardly spoken! So he keeps working in there and then I realize what the hell is happening. My dentist was wearing grape flavored gloves. I had been absentmindedly licking his fingers the whole time. 

Never going back.

TL;DR  Today I fucked up by licking my dentist

---

## Top Comments

**u/Raptorzesty** (21,924 points)

&gt; Never going back.

No, keep going.

**u/DiamondBurInTheRough** (17,574 points)

I’m a dentist...people have very “curious” tongues and I can only imagine that would be worsened by grape flavored gloves. I think your dentist needs to have a sense of humor. The days get boring without patients like you.

Edit: thank you for the silver!

**u/DarthMolar** (16,059 points)

People act super weird when they are in the dental chair. The anxiety doesn’t help matters. I’ve had my fingers licked and sucked by accident 100 times because the patient thought it was the suction tip. He probably forgot about the interaction shortly afterwards. Don’t sweat it. 

Source: am tooth carpenter

**u/HollowsOfYourHeart** (15,432 points)

Next time, I'll bite him.

**u/HollowsOfYourHeart** (9,828 points)

Sooo how did you guys meet!?  Well, I was all hopped up on goofball gas just kicked back in his chair and licking his purple fingers.

**u/APDetective** (8,060 points)

I mean, are both of y'all single? Cuz there's worse ways to meet someone

**u/HollowsOfYourHeart** (7,526 points)

Sorry doc but 'cha gassed me.  Wild card!

**u/trustworthy_citizen** (7,179 points)

I once glanced at my dental folder when I was a kid and it said I had a 'strong' 'roaming' tongue. Not sure how I should feel about that.

**u/Tophertanium** (6,981 points)

Make sure to maintain eye contact and then blame the nitrous oxide.

**u/eatapenny** (6,882 points)

&gt;am tooth carpenter

I'm 100% stealing this once I finish dental school

**u/HollowsOfYourHeart** (6,836 points)

This honestly made me feel better.  Thank you!

**u/HollowsOfYourHeart** (5,331 points)

What is best in life?  A strong roaming tongue.  To crush your enemies, see them driven before you, and to hear the lamentations of their women.

**u/HollowsOfYourHeart** (4,285 points)

I'll bet a dentist has more of an oral fixation than I do!  HE'S the weird one!  Right? Right guys...?

**u/Tuskodontist** (3,946 points)

Dentist here. People lick our fingers all the time. Tongues are curious. Don't sweat it, OP.

Strangest incident I had involved a patient who did, indeed, suck my fingers and tell me that I could come swim at her pool anytime, no scrubs required. I was ok with continuing to treat her until she asked if she could call me "Dr. Daddy." Now, she has a new dentist.

Edit: Thank you for the silver! My first time!

**u/xxfallacyxx** (3,542 points)

I mean personally I think "bone Mason" is way more appropriate.

Edit: hey, some anonymous benefactor popped my silver cherry! Also my most popular comment and it definitely sounds like a construction site themed adult film. Hope everyone wears their grape flavored PPE!

Stereotypical gilding edit: hot damn, what a time to be alive! Thank you mysterious stranger for that. My 4 years of relative lurking are at an end, I'm on some kind of list now!

**u/t3hd0n** (3,426 points)

op might have a mouth fetish...

**u/Tchukachinchina** (3,287 points)

Did you read any of her post history? She sounds like literally the funnest. 

&gt;He's made the mistake of going out of town a couple of times. The first time, I bought a ton of tin foil from the dollar store and literally wrapped every single item in his man cave in foil (not the TV tho) down to coins and the ceiling fan. The second time he went out of town, I had a bunch of friends over and we blew up a ton of balloons and stuffed his man cave floor to ceiling with them. That was actually really fun because the night he got home we did shrooms and played in the room full of balloons.

**u/PumpActionBronson** (3,225 points)

*Detectives standing over a dead body.*

Detective 1: “Here we go again, Johnson. Same markings as last time, same dentist’s bib. Pay attention rookie, you might learn something.”  *Reaches into mouth to extract a small piece of blue glove*

Detective 2: “Oh shit boss. Is that what I think it is?” *covers his mouth*

Detective 1: *lifting the piece of glove to his nose and smells it* “This sick sumbitch has an oral fixation, likes to reach into his victim’s mouths while he chokes them to death. Looks like this one fought back.” *Looks at his partner while lifting the piece of glove into the light* “The smell test never lies. He’s back, after all these years.”

Detective 2: “The Grapist...”

**u/BucketsofDickFat** (3,107 points)

You. Sound. Fun

**u/GhostBond** (2,934 points)

Honestly, that's more respectable than 50% of my college friends real actual stories of how they got together.

**u/SlipperyBanana8** (2,364 points)

Well who wears grape flavored gloves then gets upset when someone licks them? He put them in your mouth after all...

**u/craxton222** (2,007 points)

Plus he can be inside your mouth for at least 20 minutes!

**u/HollowsOfYourHeart** (1,994 points)

I love you too

**u/fallouthirteen** (1,773 points)

Just go back and explain it. "I'm sorry, your gloves were just too much like condoms."

https://www.walmart.com/ip/Trustex-Grape-Flavored-Condoms-with-Silver-Pocket-Travel-Case-Premium-Lubricated-Latex-24-Count/955666122

**u/Hero_At_Large** (1,725 points)

She has a cat named Nipples for ducks 🦆 sake! OP I demand more funny stories!
