# TIFU by almost killing myself and 5 people in a sauna

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/itsmemrit  
**Score:** 84,736  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/fanrtc/tifu_by_almost_killing_myself_and_5_people_in_a/  

---

Today after my workout I decided to try out my gyms sauna room. I went into the sauna ( which was practically full... had about 5 people in it) and after spending about 10-15 min, I was barely sweating. I decided that it would be a good idea to pour some water on the heating system ( the one that has rocks on top). I asked the people in the room if they would like me to make it a bit hotter by splashing some water on the rocks... everyone said yes. I took the little wooden water container that every sauna has, left the room, and went the pool that’s located just outside the sauna. I filled up the bucket, came back into the sauna and proceeded to splash a lot of water on the rocks. The room got much hotter right away. For some reason, my eyes started burning and my lungs felt like they were on fire. Everyone in the room started wheezing and coughing. We all rushed to get out of the sauna (the door is pretty small) and it was complete chaos. Everyone in the pool area was extremely confused as to why we all came flying out of the sauna.  We were wheezing and coughing and dry heaving. I tried to figure out what was going on and I realized that the pool water is full of chlorine. When I poured it on the rocks, the steam it created must’ve Irritated our eyes, and lungs. Sure enough after googling around a bit when I got home. I realized that what I essentially did was gas everyone in the sauna with chlorine gas... which is what was used in WW1 as a chemical weapon. 

Tl;dr almost killed a sauna full of people by pouring pool water onto the rocks... which turned into chlorine gas.

—- UPDATE: I’m an immigrant student studying English in America. Where I am from (Palestine) it is ok to pour water on rocks in sauna.

---

## Top Comments

**u/sanrishi07** (27,478 points)

1st time is a warning. 2nd time and we charge you with war crimes

**u/Samba121** (23,754 points)

Darwin Award close call.

**u/SapphirianDiadem** (10,112 points)

Please, stay away from the pool/sauna. Next we'll be hearing about how you brought someone a glass of water from the pool because it was closer than the sink again.

**u/LuxLuring** (7,556 points)

The origin story for one of those signs you read and think “What on Earth happened that led to this?!”

**u/RockyDify** (5,706 points)

But almost took out 5 innocents as well.

**u/WH02J03** (4,972 points)

I don’t think his is a common problem, OP is just a very dumb person

**u/CanadaIsBetter7** (4,563 points)

Darwin mass award

**u/reddit4rms** (4,335 points)

George W is laughing

**u/subparjuggler** (4,147 points)

Look, I don't want to make a generalisation about your usual intelligence. But you're a fucking idiot.

**u/Horzta** (4,064 points)

Headline: Six Naked men die on top of each other in a local sauna because of choking gas fetish

**u/PrestonBroadus** (3,681 points)

The Geneva Convention is to be observed in the Leisure Centre at all times

**u/TyroneShoelaces69** (3,638 points)

No sink in the locker room?

**u/Xhaidan** (3,362 points)

It takes just one person to create the need for a sign.

**u/KyloRenCadetStimpy** (3,244 points)

At least they talked you out of pissing on the rocks

**u/urbworld_dweller** (3,077 points)

"Chemical weapons are not allowed in the sauna."

**u/cilantno** (2,840 points)

Fool me once, shame on ... shame on you. Fool me... You can't get fooled again!

**u/obieoats** (2,779 points)

Usually there is a water source INSIDE the sauna.... Or am I missing something?

**u/ValhallaVacation** (2,506 points)

I like how OP weighs proximity higher than all other factors, regardless of the case

**u/My5thPersonality** (2,275 points)

What did you think would happen to chlorine water when it evaporated? Create spicy oxygen?

**u/DoneRedditedIt** (1,774 points)

It's a sign you would read and think "nobody could possibly be this fucking stupid". This is beyond McNamara's idiots level of stupid. This is 1 in 1,000 stupid. This is like "Warning: Firecrackers are not crackers, do not eat them" levels of stupid.

**u/Momumnonuzdays** (1,694 points)

Fool me three times, fuck the peace sign, load the chopper let it rain on you

**u/S011110M4112** (1,477 points)

You're one dumb sauna a bitch.

**u/noneofmybusinessbutt** (1,464 points)

If he’s learned anything he won’t dilute the chlorine with water next time.

**u/I_are_facepalm** (1,339 points)

I hope you screamed "for Archduke Ferdinand" as you ran out.
