# TIFU Tipping 140% to a Pizza Delivery Driver

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/32head  
**Score:** 84,507  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/jm39o7/tifu_tipping_140_to_a_pizza_delivery_driver/  

---

My buddy and I ordered a pizza last night. Unaware that I already paid with my debit card, I walk to my door with $30 and gave him a 20% tip on top of that which had been paid online.

The driver was about in his mid 30's, barely spoke English and he was driving a beat up car. He said "thank you!" very enthusiastically which made me realize in about 2 seconds that I just gave him double the money for the order, which he would obviously receive as a tip. I was about to admit my mistake and ask for the money back... before I saw his reaction while he was walking to his car.

He had a smile from ear to ear like he found the cure for Covid or struck gold or something. He even did this little mini jump before he hopped into his car. I'm not exactly Bill Gates, I still have debts to pay, but I'm glad I fucked up to help someone who needed the money more than I did.

Anyways, I felt pretty dumb after, but the joy I saw in that man made my week. Not a very interesting story, but it was pretty cool for me, as my Dad moved to Canada from across the world with only a bike and a few hundred bucks.

TL;DR Paid double for a pizza by being drunk. No regrets. Ok... little to no regrets.

---

## Top Comments

**u/wittwhitwit** (12,081 points)

As a former pizza delivery driver, I remember every one of you guys who tipped way beyond your means due to alcohol. I carry the stories and my gratitude is immeasurable.

**u/Lil_Strength** (11,370 points)

My mom once drunkenly ordered beer to be delivered by a taxi. When said beer arrived my mom handed my youngest brother (11 at the time) her cashroll which was her entire paycheck and of course he answers the door and gives the driver the wad of cash in turn, receiving the beer. He drives off and my brother bring the beer to my mom, she asks for the change.. and well you can imagine the shitshow that happened afterwards.

**u/AlternativelyBananas** (9,427 points)

Uh she deserved that on every level.

**u/sagesmelly** (8,895 points)

My best night ever delivering pizzas I ended up with $250 in tips, mostly because of a large order of like 20 pizzas.  I believe the order was around $75 and already prepaid on a credit card.  Get to the door and it’s a college age party and this dude is having a great night, gave him the receipt and then he signed it and gave me back that plus $90 in cash.  I was like oh damn!!  Are you sure dude?!?  He was like yeah that’s for you man.  It would have been a good tip regardless but I’m not sure if he ever realized how good...

**u/bluechaka** (6,390 points)

If this was like 10 years ago this, I did this haha. I ordered a bunch of pizzas for my party and I asked everyone for a $5 to pay and I wasn’t expecting literally everyone to pay up. I was too lazy to really count but I remember the order was like $80 and I got at least $140 or so. I just gave it to the delivery driver and said keep it .

**u/caligirl2513** (6,078 points)

I’ve found that putting out good karma usually finds its way back :)

**u/tuza227** (4,481 points)

Ill never forget the kid with long blue hair, clearly tripping balls on acid, talking through his cat who tipped me a 50!  Enjoy freshmen year dude!

**u/DandyBugger** (3,343 points)

Yeah that's pretty fucked

**u/32head** (3,133 points)

I'm not very religious, but I believe if you do good, 99% of the time good will come to you. Just the way the world works.

**u/LOTRugoingtothemall** (1,779 points)

I’m over caffeinated but I think that’s $36? Pick a charity and I’ll donate to it.  
Edit: I won’t say it, I won’t say it lol If you’re not
comfortable with donating money then do something for someone this week..help someone, reach out to someone...feels good man.  
2ndEdit: Having trouble keeping up with my messages but Reddit is a great place today. Instead of me making more charity suggestions check out [https://www.charitynavigator.org/](https://www.charitynavigator.org/) It rates the impact of thousands of charities and even offers suggestions. It will take me time to go through all of your messages but I promise I will respond. And u/32head I apologize if it seems like I'm jacking your post, hope it was some bangin pizza.

**u/LidgChris** (1,762 points)

The acid must have been real good if you thought his cat was talking to you

**u/[deleted]** (1,455 points)

society: weed bad. weed users stupid and weak.
also society: haha alcoholism cool fun haha no big deal

**u/jamantste** (1,437 points)

Since COVID my wife and I have been regularly tipping 50% or more. The service industry was hit hard and their service has helped keep us safe.

**u/UpliftingPessimist** (1,392 points)

Alcohol is

**u/docfunbags** (1,332 points)

1995

**u/BigBaddaBoom9** (1,305 points)

You don't have to be religious to believe that, if you try be a good person, it gets noticed and people start responding in kind to the type of person you are.

**u/[deleted]** (1,288 points)

Drugs are a hell of a drug

**u/sumsimpleracer** (1,075 points)

When I was a waiter in college, I was training a newbie almost 5 years older than me. A table gave us a $100 bill for a check of maybe $60 or so. 

I was closing out some tables with credit cards so I asked my newbie to go to the bar, change out the $100 and hand back the change. 

The newbie changed out the $100 and gave all the cash back to the table. That table left with everything and didn’t even leave a tip. It’s probably on me to let a newbie take care of the cash. But him being much older than me at the time, I assumed he knew what change was.

**u/DooshMcDooberson** (1,074 points)

An absolute monster.

**u/shitboxfesty** (901 points)

Being a pizza guy myself, believe me, the way people tip nowadays you probably made his entire week. Guarantee that meant more to him than the smile even showed. Good on you man.

**u/Mattyice128** (857 points)

TIHO.

Today I Helped Out

**u/the_original_kermit** (835 points)

That’s not on the newbie, that’s on the table.  They knowingly dined and dashed.

**u/DandyBugger** (805 points)

Certainly is, and yet society dictates that it's normal to abuse it woohoo

**u/QuiramJudaculla** (789 points)

That is orders of magnitude easier than trying to split the change among a room full of drunk people.
