# We call upon Reddit to take action against the rampant Coronavirus misinformation on their website.

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/N8theGr8  
**Score:** 84,083  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/pbeuk9/we_call_upon_reddit_to_take_action_against_the/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/NihilisticThrill** (5,322 points)

Is that why I keep getting automated messages from reddit asking if I'm going to kill myself? I just figured reddit could detect how frustrated I am with these people.

**u/IPokePeople** (3,949 points)

Can we also do something about people now using the self-harm reporting to f\*\*k with people they disagree with?

**u/fubbleskag** (1,605 points)

lol at folks reporting this to the moderators not realizing it was posted by a moderator

**u/permathinker** (914 points)

I know this is a serious matter and I stand in support -- but seeing subs like /r/jeopardy and /r/Manitoba standing in solidarity with the likes of /r/asiancumsluts has me fucking **heaving**

**u/DCL_JD** (898 points)

Lol underrated comment

**u/redryan243** (741 points)

Typically they investigate themselves and find no rules broken. Occasionally there is a revolt and a new sub is born.

**u/NihilisticThrill** (665 points)

lmao I got another message 8 minutes after I posted this reply, too. Apparently the legend of butthurt lives on.

**u/Apeolitical** (625 points)

Don't go to reddit for medical advice

**u/windol1** (477 points)

What happens when a mod breaks the rules...

**u/WhompO** (411 points)

Lol this post will be full of positive discourse I'm sure

**u/Reddit-username_here** (380 points)

Make sure to click the link on that message about someone reporting in error. Admins keep track of who reports that stuff.

**u/NihilisticThrill** (374 points)

VERY good to know. I just sort of laughed it off, tbh. But if someone is misusing this sort of system for spite, I'd very much like to see them punished. Not for my sake, but for the people who may genuinely need it and are having it turned into a troll mechanism.

**u/[deleted]** (339 points)

Don’t go to reddit for any advice

**u/[deleted]** (288 points)

i dont know man. reddit is supposed to be an open forum. you got racists, idiots, losers, good people, geniouses. moderating conversation seems like an impossible task and aside from some guidelines that dictate when to shut a subreddit down, idk... i feel like its not really reddits responsibility to make sure everything that everyone says is above-board. but that's just me

edit: guys don't miss the "some guidelines that dictate when to shut a subreddit down" part of my quip. i'm not saying all hands off, i'm saying - centralizing the power to censor is passing the buck and not really a solution.

**u/mister_damage** (210 points)

Reddit: We tried nothing and we're all out of ideas.

**u/Aescheron** (198 points)

Hey, I wouldn't go that far. There are some solid hobby tips you can pick up over on r/Warhammer40k. Got me interested in miniature painting and building. Great advice over there, generally.

**u/greatatemi** (186 points)

Wow. r/aww's post got nuked.

**u/giasumaru** (183 points)

I love how r/anime_titties wasn't checked out and gets tagged NSFW.

**u/UnderPressureVS** (167 points)

Reddit has banned many communities before, for very good reasons. A lot of communities have been banned in the wake of violent crimes that resulted in deaths, where the perpetrator was linked to said communities, which frequently advocated violence.

Why should Coronavirus be any different? COVID misinformation *kills people.* This is a global crisis. Why should Reddit not endeavor to silence dangerous misinformation that indirectly kills people the same way they have silenced dangerous hate speech that has indirectly killed people?

**u/Last_Snowbender** (166 points)

No.

People should stop relying on social media to get their news

**u/Bluee1329** (149 points)

Because r/worldpolitics is the real anime titties subreddit

**u/hardcoreac** (148 points)

Who decides what is considered okay and not okay?  

8 months ago, if you even mentioned the evidence of the lab leak you would get banned because someone who thought they were correct made those decisions for adults who are still perfectly capable of deciding for themselves.
