# TIFU by trying to send my friend (m) a screenshot of this subreddit, but sent my tits in a pentagram harness instead

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/boneyardbettie  
**Score:** 83,028  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/beebi8/tifu_by_trying_to_send_my_friend_m_a_screenshot/  

---

This literally just happened. I was discussing this subreddit with a guy (we’ll call him M) I’m flirting with... and we come across the hot sauce story, felt like it sounded like our mutual friend (he can be called B)

So I take a screenshot and go to send it on FB messenger to send to B.... muscle memory kicks in and I send the photo so quick my camera roll hadn’t updated... I accidentally sent a nude I’d taken half hour earlier. 

This wouldn’t be an issue usually... but this guy is like a brother figure. He’s not answering his phone so I’ve just spammed the fuck out of the conversation to stop it popping up.

All the while I’m on the phone to M, the initial intended recipient....who is also in a band with B. 


For anyone curious here’s me [trying to claw it back](https://imgur.com/gallery/888ILDh)

TLDR; tried to send a screenshot to a friend. Sent my tits instead.  Ughhhhhhhhhhh

Update: if this gets 666 upvotes I’ll post the photo.

Edit: hi Dan. I know you’re lurking ahahahhaha

Update: I love you all. You’ve cured my depression. Let me be your [big tiddy goth gf](https://imgur.com/a/WqWZqtc)

Edit: Oh my god gold!!!!!


*I NOW KNOW FB MESSENGER HAS A DELETE FUNCTION* thanks, I hate it.

---

## Top Comments

**u/NAS2811** (30,366 points)

"ITS MY TITS.  DON'T LOOK."  Let me know how that works out for you.  LOL

**u/Soul_smurf** (16,130 points)

My boss "What did you do at work all day?"

Me "casually refreshed Reddit for 8 hours for the slim chance to see a strangers boobs"

Edit: thank you for my first gold kind stranger, forever piggybacking my way through life.

**u/TooShiftyForYou** (14,581 points)

*Update: if this gets 666 upvotes I’ll post the photo.*


Welp, see you on the front page.

**u/boneyardbettie** (13,249 points)

Hey... it’s like shouting “no please stop” to someone stabbing you. You gotta try.

**u/MrGiantGentleman** (11,795 points)

Welp, RIP OP's inbox.

&amp;#x200B;

Nice tits though.  10/10 would sacrifice a goat on.

Edit: Thanks for the silver and gold guys!  So glad my top comment now is about some chick's chesticles.

**u/awkwardwildturtles** (7,226 points)

Cant you unsend things on messenger now? Or is it just messages and not pictures

**u/boneyardbettie** (7,071 points)

ily

**u/boneyardbettie** (6,146 points)

I learned about this after it was too late.

**u/DaBIGmeow888** (5,966 points)

There is a greater than 80 % chance he is jacking off to it now TBH.

&amp;#x200B;

Edit: She just updated her post. OMG, 100% chance. Look at those mammaries.

**u/DntCllMeWht** (5,717 points)

I once sent a picture of my cock to a group chat with my mates on accident.  Your breasts are much nicer and would have been much more appreciated.

Edit: Not my Post... I'll leave it up to the op as to applying the rules to my comment.

Edit 2: i cant believe this is my most upvoted comment on Reddit.

**u/tattooedpenis** (4,814 points)

Congrats reddit we've done it and op delivered like a  glorious saint.
Edit: glorious sinner.
Edit2: is this what it feels like to be famous?

**u/Soul_smurf** (4,412 points)

You're only human

**u/Neldryn** (3,939 points)

Then posting the pic on Reddit 😂

**u/boneyardbettie** (3,916 points)

I’m a woman of my word.

**u/boneyardbettie** (3,451 points)

That’s what M said.

**u/Scribblebonx** (3,404 points)

Yeah, that sealed the deal most likely.

**u/Baresark** (2,898 points)

Don't put yourself down. We all enjoyed that picture.

**u/awkwardwildturtles** (2,651 points)

I bet that hurt even worse when you found out

**u/moxin29** (2,591 points)

But he's still gonna stab you! It'll just take a bit longer. Lmao!

**u/fufm** (2,547 points)

A new karmawhoring technique I wholeheartedly support

**u/MrHobo** (2,156 points)

On the subreddit she was just telling him about...

**u/boneyardbettie** (2,051 points)

Well. It’s more than that but.. like. Don’t know how to word it. Put it this way, id let him see more than my boobs. Maybe an ankle too.

**u/awk_topus** (1,987 points)

At least we saw boobs ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

**u/Omgzjustin** (1,924 points)

OP actually came through and shared the pic of her tits. 

r/opdelivers

**u/danarexasaurus** (1,802 points)

I sent a gif to my fiancé’s mother of Batman patting the bed and saying, “let’s fuck here” 

Sort yourself out before you do something SO much worse. Lol

Edit: sorry it was Superman.
