# TIFU by having my reddit history revealed by Jimmy Kimmel live on TV

**Sub:** r/tifu  
**Author:** u/gryff42  
**Score:** 82,873  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/6r3xyb/tifu_by_having_my_reddit_history_revealed_by/  

---

This happened to me yesterday and I'm still baffled.

It all started when I posted a comparison picture of a dog which looks like the actor William H. Macy. I couldn't stop laughin over it but I never thought it would gain so much attention. 

However it ended up on the front page with much more upvotes I could have imagined. This alone was crazy for me because I never expected to have a submission on the front page.

When I checked my phone the next morning my reddit inbox exploded over the sheer amount of youtube links I received. I checked them and found my submission on the latest Jimmy Kimmel Show with Reddit Co-Founder Alexis Ohanian. I was mind blown over this.

They proceeded talking over reddit users and Jimmy ended up checking my history. Well I hardly ever post filthy stuff but I commented on a NSFW TIFU a few days ago and I think Jimmy thought it was my submission at the short glance he took.

Keep in mind they even named and showed my username - he made it look like there was a lot of filthy stuff going on in my history so this was quite embarrassing for me and Im getting a lot of crazy messages now.

I don't know if this perfectly qualifies for a TIFU but on the one hand it felt like one, when he revealed my history with 'filthy stuff' as he said. On the other hand it's just cool and a story to tell. However I regret nothing!

tl;dr: Jimmy Kimmel had Reddit Co-Founder Alexis Ohanian as a guest. They ended up browsing my reddit history and Jimmy made it look like there's filthy stuff going on.

Link to the video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vzkw2zD7gE&amp;t=9s (starts at 2:10)

MORE EDITS: There are quite some people asking for an AMA. Im already hated by the internet for "milking that karma cow". If you care I can do an AMA, it's the choice of you guys and gals. For today I have enough internet and I guess by tomorrow nobody will care anyways.

OH and thanks for the gold! Things are going so fast here I didnt even see it until now. Thank you unknown and kind strangers!
____________________________
I tried to contact Jimmy via tweet but I don't know if it's allowed to link here. I dont even know how to properly format this post (I'm really a reddit noob) Yeah, I just wanted to let you know.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Alpineodin** (20,865 points)

the sheer look of terror the Reddit co-founder puts on when jimmy starts clicking your username to view your post history as he knows what could end up on live tv.

*nervous sweating*

**u/Pshields40** (15,682 points)

Quick everyone check his post history!

**u/welleverybodysucks** (13,815 points)

"he's going to reveal the true nature of my people.."

first comment 'baby, there's nothing micro or soft about me.'

"fuck."

**u/DaddyEgg** (10,194 points)

Everybody's in OP's history almost as much as they're in his mom

Edit: Thanks for popping my gold cherry, kind stranger. Luckily my gold hole is still tight, unlike OP's mom.

**u/doc_ee** (7,925 points)

Just did.. that's how I ended up here.. Lol

**u/thiskillsmygpa** (4,478 points)

Ken bone, you're off the hook now 

/U/StanGibson18

**u/gtavo** (3,838 points)

I saw it live while my SO was sleeping. I couldn't believe 1-that I recognized all of the posts Jimmy showed 2-that I caught a glimpse of the meth-masturbation title on live TV right before he said "we're now going down a rabbit hole". I immediately checked on Reddit if anybody else saw it and posted something about it but I wasn't able to find anything. 

Edit: I know the show is not actually "live". I meant during the airing of it. 

Also, I think all of the links were purple when he first showed the front page of the internet. Probably because of "research".

Edit 2: amphetamines, not methamphetamines...

**u/IUrgotAboutIt** (3,825 points)

Lmao I didn't notice that, this made me laugh so hard

**u/octopoddle** (2,911 points)

Jimmy Kimmel is Gallowboob.

**u/King_Tryndamere** (2,690 points)

I think Jimmy knew exactly what he was doing, he has RES installed. He has been here before.

**u/Occupyed** (2,581 points)

There's some filthy stuff in there...

**u/Atmaweapon74** (2,179 points)

Even if it isn't his laptop, Kimmel clicked on a username and started talking about /u/griff42's comment/post history like it was second nature.  Kimmel is definitely familiar with Reddit.

**u/MToboggan_MD** (2,115 points)

Good thing you have another account for your porn comments. Reddit 101 people!

**u/regoapps** (2,051 points)

Guess I'll be adding "delete my Reddit account" after "clear my browser history" in my will.

**u/a-pc** (1,889 points)

You're a legend now. Redditors will tell the story of how you broke out from the front page onto live TV and became a karma juggernaut. Posts about you will reach the front page again and again...

And you will be forgotten in about 2 weeks.

**u/Annyongman** (1,844 points)

Maybe he's referring to the TIFU from like a week ago about a guy who took drugs and jerked his limp dick for 6 hours

**u/DragonBank** (1,745 points)

&gt;so hard   

Seems there is nothing soft about you either.

**u/WadNasty** (1,449 points)

It's probably not his personal computer, some tech guy behind the scene set it up.

**u/DOA** (1,405 points)

Small u

/u/StanGibson18

**u/gryff42** (1,136 points)

I got dozens of messages which told me Im live on kimmel. I was sleeping at the time so I didn't see it live.

**u/_keeping_it_real** (997 points)

Tame for reddit standards lol

**u/gryff42** (981 points)

I don't even know what is going on in my history. But I'm also too lazy to check it now entirely ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

**u/shotgunnedhead** (953 points)

Wait. Meth-masturbation?  Link?  For science.

**u/s2kd** (943 points)

did you find out about this from reddit? would be hilarious if you actually were watching kimmel at the time.

**u/TheLast_Centurion** (912 points)

*insert Fred´s voice from Scooby-Doo*

"And Gallowboob is really... *puts down the mask* JIMMY KIMMEL!?!
