# Should have looked left...

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/Godwin_Bot  
**Score:** 164,620  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/ujueu2/should_have_looked_left/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/downer240** (21,048 points)

Are you done? Ok. I’ll back up

**u/iBuddyzz** (11,346 points)

This made me very happy

**u/Nyubjub** (11,130 points)

Most posts on this sub enrage me because the offenders get away with it. This, this post is satisfaction.

**u/jw4L999** (11,017 points)

The same reason they just pulled out in front of a giant truck…not very smart

**u/fowms** (10,922 points)

The driver side window was open i am sure he got some material in the car.

**u/Uncomfortabletomato** (9,028 points)

I genuinely don’t understand why he didn’t reverse sooner?

**u/wine_dude_52** (7,379 points)

Is this normal for a cement truck to lose its load like that?

**u/LFGTA-Dead_Kelevra** (7,143 points)

Slow moving brain with even slower reaction time.

**u/TreasonalAllergies** (6,635 points)

How do I get this feature installed on my little hatchback for the next time I have to stop hard for someone? =D  


Seriously though that was one of the most satisfying instant-karma occurrences I have seen in a long time.

**u/peggyrodman7835** (6,137 points)

Must have been edging for hours

**u/fostest** (5,454 points)

Truck driver probably laughed their ass off too

**u/x-Shells_N_Cheese-x** (4,262 points)

I'm just sitting here hoping they were hand crank windows. Would make it even funnier

**u/Talonbane_** (4,004 points)

i like that he just fucking sits there letting concrete dump all over his car instead of moving lmao

**u/MWJNOY** (3,773 points)

The mixer is often open at the front, but it's tilted quite far back so wouldn't usually spill out

**u/PhoKit2** (3,060 points)

Probably a laugh later incident. Now the driver is dealing with cement that is curing and dealing with a traffic issue instead of getting this poured.

Edit- concrete

**u/slightywettampon** (2,731 points)

The concrete will dry before they figure out what happened
/edit\ OK OK I see you silver award and also. I love how my drunk waffle house comment is my most liked one.

**u/Neat_Petite** (2,542 points)

Biff? Is that you?

**u/elkarion** (2,206 points)

Correct as mechanic who services them they are open and need room to mix so when he stopped is sloshed forward over and out and the ramp top is permanently attaches so it funneled right on top

**u/AWS-77** (2,164 points)

That seems an obviously dangerous design flaw to me. I mean, I know we all just want to laugh at the guy for pulling out in front of him and blame it all on that, but let’s imagine it was something as innocent as an animal or child running across the road, or any number of other things… We all know it’s a normal expectation that you might have to slam on your brakes when driving. Why would you design a cement truck that doesn’t take this into account?

I mean, even if the car wasn’t there, that’s still a bunch of wasted cement and some difficult clean up work on a public road. Surely, we can’t consider it just a normal, acceptable thing for cement trucks to risk this happening anytime they happen to hit a short stop?

**u/Baronofnowhere** (1,850 points)

If only it was a convertible.....

**u/odinwolf84** (1,665 points)

The hit and run posts are the most enraging of all. Especially when the driver flees off and we never know if they got caught.

**u/[deleted]** (1,251 points)

Lucky the brakes where good or that would have turned out differently 

Edit : thanks you savy hearties waset. Expecting karma love xD may there be no horizon you cannot seek and no shore you cannot reach slontia !

**u/Forcefedlies** (1,220 points)

He could have been overloaded too.   Sometimes they push 11 yards in a 8-10 yard drum

**u/Ok_Recipe2769** (983 points)

His window was open as well , hilarious

**u/AWS-77** (976 points)

Yes, I believe it was overloaded too. It’s the common reason for cement trucks “burping” like this. Although, this one was more like puking. Lol

https://www.thestar.com/amp/yourtoronto/the_fixer/2017/08/07/cement-spills-caused-by-overloaded-mixer-trucks-that-burp-the-fixer.html
