# Ohio State Senator, using a Zoom background of his home office while driving, debating a bill for harsher penalties for distracted driving.

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/JDBAZ  
**Score:** 158,025  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/n6dlon/ohio_state_senator_using_a_zoom_background_of_his/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/gflo77** (18,056 points)

I always wear a seatbelt in my home.

**u/b_lumenkraft** (11,970 points)

The most creative comedians couldn't come up with this. m(

**u/Muppetude** (7,126 points)

Wouldn’t it be funny if that was the case. And the reason he kept darting his head around was because he’s just a super paranoid dude.

**u/JDBAZ** (5,707 points)

According to [the article](https://www.dispatch.com/story/news/2021/05/03/ohio-state-sen-andrew-brenner-attended-government-meeting-via-video-while-driving/4929012001/) the Senator said:
&gt; "I wasn't distracted. I was paying attention to the driving and listening to it (the meeting,)" Brenner said. "I had two meetings that were back to back that were in separate locations. And I've actually been on other calls, numerous calls, while driving. Phone calls for the most part but on video calls, I'm not paying attention to the video. To me, it's like a phone call."
&gt; 
&gt; He added that he was parked during most of the video meeting of the Ohio Controlling Board. "I was wearing a seat belt and paying attention to the road."

**u/Zinkyiscool** (5,405 points)

r/nottheonion

**u/ClydeTheBulldog** (4,018 points)

Lol then why was he hiding it with a background of his office

**u/Lover_of_Sprouts** (3,348 points)

Was he for or against?

**u/Muppetude** (3,308 points)

It would be considered too far fetched and wacky if they did.

**u/wiiya** (2,421 points)

He’s an idiot.  On April 22, 2020, immediately following Holocaust remembrance day, Brenner and his wife made public posts on Facebook comparing Ohio Department of Health policy concerning the COVID-19 pandemic to Nazi Germany.

**u/damasu950** (2,414 points)

He probably did some shrooms.

**u/needsvampires** (2,367 points)

Depends. Are you willing to contribute to his reelection campaign?

**u/DaksTheDaddyNow** (1,477 points)

The home seatbelt. For those times when you take psychedelics but then remember you need to be in a zoom call.

**u/nICE-KING** (1,445 points)

The Tiffany effect! Writers can’t use the name Tiffany in medieval writings because the name seems so modern when in fact Tiffany has been around since before 1200 AD... in Greek it was theofaneia meaning “manifestation of god”

**u/may_june_july** (1,444 points)

Everyone who does something else while driving *thinks* that they're not distracted. That's why they continue to do it. If we were good at judging for ourselves how distracted we were, distracted driving wouldn't be a problem in the first place.

**u/joetheschmoe4000** (1,420 points)

99% of people who die in car crashes are seatbelt wearers. You really think your precious seatbelt is going to save your life? If YOU personally think seatbelts are keeping YOU safe, why should I have to wear one if you're already protected? I've never worn a belt in my entire life and I've never had a problem. Wake up and ask why we can't question the pro-seatbelt agenda. I REFUSE to be restrained by the government or by my vehicle. Free thinkers will rise while the sheep will strangle themselves on these restrictive chains. How much are we hurting our economy by forcing people to spend all that extra time every day worrying about their precious piece of string? 

/s

**u/Dobbyisprettycool** (844 points)

How have I never heard of such a popular subreddit

**u/cardo55** (806 points)

With how little he actually gives a damn why bother at all? "Um senator? Does.... Does your office chair have a seat belt? "

**u/GTI-enthusiast** (775 points)

This reminds me of the time I took a full gram of MDMA (straight from the lab when safrole was still untracked and your friendly neighborhood organic chemist could make all sorts of crazy shit). 

Anyhow, we were acidheads. We didn't know an MDMA OD could kill you or cause permanent brain damage. It looked like the furniture was skidding all over the room, and I wish the sofa had a seatbelt. 

Now I look at Reddit hoping for cat pictures to readjust my neurochemistry.

**u/WannaGetHighh** (671 points)

He was wearing a seatbelt and paying attention to the road but he was parked during the call. 

Yeah that makes sense

**u/Donalds_neck_fat** (663 points)

He's the one who introduced the bill

**u/tmhoc** (603 points)

"The doctor is a nazi" - every edgy 6th Grader

**u/AreWeCowabunga** (562 points)

Dude should have taken the seatbelt off so it wasn't so obvious.

**u/hkpp** (556 points)

You know what they say about people who assume?



&gt;	state Sen. Andrew Brenner, R-Delaware


They say people are generally justified in making assumptions based on repeated patterns and outcomes.

**u/Unlucky13** (506 points)

I'm guessing you're new because it's one  of those subs that stay on r/all.

**u/sinf_wacht** (490 points)

People actually browse r/all? That's like a place where you can see the worst aspects of reddit all in one
