# He told the police i slammed on my brakes

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/sammystevens  
**Score:** 156,956  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/squabs/he_told_the_police_i_slammed_on_my_brakes/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/sammystevens** (28,711 points)

Its because im dead inside already

**u/AutoBot5** (19,911 points)

The level of calmness. Hand on the headrest, gets slammed in the rear, and after seconds of collecting yourself you calmly place your hand back on the headrest. 🧘‍♂️

**u/sammystevens** (17,773 points)

I didnt tell him i had it, i let him commit whatever lies he wanted into evidence.  I would rather let someone bury themselves in lies should it go to court.  So we can read his official statement, and then roll footage from my camera.  


I did tell him 'get off your damn phone' and he started crying.  I took photos of aftermath for later if i needed them.

**u/Dakotasan** (13,792 points)

Dashcams, a solid investment

Why/how did this get so many upvotes?

**u/sammystevens** (13,606 points)

This was xmas eve. 

His car is totaled, and had to be dragged away on a tow truck.  I drove mine home.  5 weeks of repairs totaling nearly $11,000.  Several weeks of physical therapy for some lower back disc damage.   


My car looks good again, but a bunch of electronics are missing due to back order issues.  Big trunk 12 speaker system still missing.  Keyless entry doesnt work.  Huge pain in the dick.

**u/hoffman42088** (11,867 points)

I love how your speed goes from 0 to 4 mph after being smashed into lol

**u/Lord_Enlil** (9,924 points)

Wow its awesome how fast your car goes from 0 - 0 mph.. you must have some fucking sweet brakes bud.

**u/hannamarinsgrandma** (7,140 points)

What was his reaction when he realized you had proof he was a damn liar

**u/brmamabrma** (6,810 points)

“Well, they can’t unhit me”

**u/HD20033G** (6,781 points)

Can we get the update? Lol

**u/Brady2723** (5,806 points)

Thank goodness you had the camera!

Edit: I’m aware that they could probably tell what happened based on skid marks, and depending on the state it was likely automatically the rear-ending car’s fault. At least the video shows what happens easily and also shows that the driver was distracted (looking at the phone on their dash). Plus, you got this awesome footage for this subreddit. So, thank goodness you had the camera!

**u/Myn21** (5,651 points)

And even a dashcam facing to the front would have proven the same for OP. It's really worth it. Reddit made me get one 3 years ago.



Edit: i linked here my response about which model to get but that somehow didn't work. What i wrote:

There are tons of options out there. Thread already has already a bunch of them and the dash cam subreddit is a 
good option too. Lots of cheap models which are good enough. 

My last cam is a iTracker Stealthcam II GPS, because it fits nicely in front of the rearview mirror and it's really low-key. 

Pic from the drivers seat (you don't really see it, which is the point) : https://abload.de/img/img_20220213_124617__wpkcf.jpg

From outside (potato quality): https://abload.de/img/img_20220213_18022691k72.jpg

Cable goes up, then under the roof enclosure and then hidden around the windshield down to an USB port (middle console).

**u/sammystevens** (4,997 points)

Its a heavy challenger with the big brembo brake kit

**u/ScrotFrottington** (4,917 points)

My man

**u/thehim** (4,295 points)

You seemed way more relaxed after that than I would’ve expected. And who was the lady in the blue shirt at the end?

**u/JaTheRed** (4,248 points)

Lying to the police should have more consequences

**u/EverythingGoesNumb03** (3,996 points)

“Officer he slammed on his brakes!”

Cool……you’re still at fault you dumb twit lol

**u/DorShow** (3,985 points)

The keen observations redditors make never cease to amaze. Good eye. 
I stepped through it (to see if I could see what the driver was distracted by) and didn’t even see the mph change.

**u/Honk-Beast** (3,513 points)

I know they were talking about taking photos of the accident, but in my head I picture them calmly taking photos of a crying person.

**u/sammystevens** (3,252 points)

The police officer gave no shits.  He wouldnt even take a statement from the car in front of me because she was too far away to see the accident, even though she said i was stopped for almost a full minute before the crash.

**u/turtleboi15** (3,021 points)

"I did tell him 'get off your damn phone' and he started crying.  I took photos of aftermath for later if i needed them." 

LMFAO😭😭😭

**u/El_Orenz** (2,992 points)

Well, in a case like this I would argue that the person being hit is still in the right. First, it's your word against mine, in absence of neutral witnesses. Second, if I slam on my brakes and you hit me, it means that you were not keeping safety distance, by definition. 

However, nice to have a video proof, just in case, to save some troubles

**u/sammystevens** (2,971 points)

Driver of the car in front of me

**u/sammystevens** (2,687 points)

He basically had no insurance, the bare minimum required in florida, $10k liability only, which wont even cover the damage to the car.  He works a minimum wage job.  I could take him to court, but theres no juice coming no matter how hard i squeeze.

**u/blackfiji** (2,456 points)

People get dash cams, I can’t stress enough how much headache a 2-3 second clip saved me when I got into an not-at-fault accident and the guy started blaming it on me
