# A bunch of idiots thought that the hard shoulder was the exit lane and started piling up behind a truck... who's telling them?

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/ja534  
**Score:** 149,094  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/ip19y6/a_bunch_of_idiots_thought_that_the_hard_shoulder/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Beas7ie** (12,223 points)

Truck driver is thinking "It's nice people are stopping to help me but I don't need this many people!"

**u/MjrPowell** (5,396 points)

I worked at a bank and the tellers parked behind the building and going behind the building was how you got to the drive through. One day during my lunch I was smoking a cigarette in my car listening to the radio. A car pulled in behind me that I didn't recognize, not a big deal there were a couple other businesses in the small plaza. The lady got out of her car after 10 minutes (my door was open as I was smoking) and she asked me if I knew what was taking so long. I was slightly confused and told her she was in a parking spot behind my car and I worked there. She got embarrassed, and laughed. Then she pulled around me and I heard her telling the story to the teller in the window, then she says "that's him!" 

This just reminded me of that story.

**u/SerCave** (5,280 points)

The best part is that whenever the truck drives forward, assuming he takes the exit, they’ll never know their mistake.

**u/IrishFast** (3,265 points)

We're **all** idiots and morons on a regular basis, and we hardly even know it. Everyone we gesture at dismissively saying, "look at that fucking dumbass" is someone else saying the same thing about the next window-licker down the line.

The problem is when people forget that we're all putrid sacks of rancid meat balancing a melon of misfiring ganglionic clusters atop a wobbly pedestal.

That disconnect is where the fun begins.

**u/d0ugh0ck** (2,889 points)

Oh man. Everyone trying to do the right thing instead of cutting traffic off at the exit like a douche. If they only knew

**u/OhLawdHeChonks** (2,686 points)

I actually wonder what the truck driver was thinking.  Like was he "damn these idiots" or "how do I always get myself into these situations."

OP should get a dashcam instead of driving one handed holding a cell phone though.  They are not that expensive [and there's a ton of them nowadays](https://www.reddit.com/r/dashcams/comments/dyemr2/dashcam_recommendations_winter_2019/).  It's like every brand is making one now.

**u/Hammer_Jackson** (2,332 points)

Or he pulls back into the main highway and everyone realizes they’re all collectively idiots equally facepalming and never discuss it with anyone again.

**u/ileeny12** (2,269 points)

Haha at least she was a good sport about it.

**u/ja534** (1,612 points)

Source: https://twitter.com/etfelicitofill/status/1303393817677238274
And a rough translation of what this trucker says in Spanish and Catalan:

"So here we have what *Litos* said"

"Let's see what all this people is doing"

"*Donkeeeeyyyys!!!!*"

"What a bunch of dumbasses man"

"Omg they have been half an hour like this"

**u/Contraposite** (1,576 points)

Yeah but that many people might be able to lift the truck with their hands and walk it to its destination.

**u/whutchamacallit** (1,506 points)

Counterpoint — when you see a bunch of traffic doing the same thing (breaking oddly, pulling over, avoiding a particular lane) nine times out of ten there is a good reason why.

**u/SalbaheJim** (991 points)

They crossed over a solid white line to park there.  They may be considerate, but they're not bright.

**u/jim_the-gun-guy** (987 points)

All it takes is one idiot to confuse everyone. The trucked did nothing wrong but the first idiot behind them started all that

**u/Qetuowryipzcbmxvn** (945 points)

Nah, there'll be some idiots claiming that the truck parked in the middle of the road and forced them to wait.

**u/PM-ME-UR-DOODLES** (700 points)

Just make sure to always keep your doors locked. Recently I was the idiot, my hands were full with groceries and I forgot to lock my car after going in. I could have sworn it had a feature to auto lock itself, but it clearly didn’t do that. I woke up to find that some asshole had gone through my shit and stolen the dash cam. Now I need to purchase a new one :(

**u/ScottySpoon** (686 points)

Roadside Amish Assistance

**u/robo-66y** (683 points)

Thank you so much for so eloquently describing why I have such a strong hatred for people even though I really wish them all the best

**u/ja534** (591 points)

It probably wasn't half an hour and the guy was exaggerating, it's a typical phrase we use here for an indeterminate amount of time or when something feels extremely long. But judging by how long is the queue and the fact that another trucker told him about this so was prepared to record they must have been like this for a while

**u/quitesharp1** (561 points)

This is one of the best posts I have seen on here!

**u/ja534** (502 points)

Pretty much, the poor ones on the back can't even see what is happening

**u/yaspino** (491 points)

Half an hour? And not a single person got out of his car to see what's going on

**u/Idlerope82** (486 points)

Well then you’d need to buy a third to watch the second.

**u/cpt_appropropriate** (474 points)

Get two and make it obvious that the first one is being monitored by the second.

**u/[deleted]** (442 points)

Reminds we once when I stood around in an airport texting just by a wall. All of a sudden I had a long line of people behind me. I wasn’t waiting for anything, I just stood there texting. 

I took a picture and then left to board my flight. Weird experience!

**u/bonafidebob** (299 points)

Truck driver had his hazards on.  The first few cars behind him should have been able to figure out that he wasn't exiting.  As soon as one drives around the truck, the rest will follow... so really it's just one or two idiots at the front that are creating this problem!
