# Customer stated, her turn signal is broke (xpost from r/justrolledintotheshop)

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/admadguy  
**Score:** 144,643  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/gx411n/customer_stated_her_turn_signal_is_broke_xpost/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/definitelynotapastor** (16,586 points)

Holy moley.  That is some sick diagnostic you did there OP.  I'm not sure I'd been able to fix her car.

**u/Zelidus** (9,087 points)

I helped a woman who thought her back window in her Toyota Sequoia just disappeared. Not broken, just poofed out of existence.

**u/theraytodd** (7,075 points)

Don’t forget to top off that blinker fluid while you’re at it

**u/eastnorthshore** (5,030 points)

Definitely an all dayer. Pulling codes, tracing grounding issues, mechanical failures...

**u/brando8323** (4,281 points)

Now be a good mechanic and bill $100 an hour and $1000 in parts

**u/mickeymouse4348** (3,414 points)

I think Toyota had a recall for that

**u/LeBong-James23** (3,244 points)

Tell her the car is basically a lemon and she’s gotta get a new one

**u/Zelidus** (2,318 points)

No, she hit the button. It was by the steering wheel for her year and didn't realize it.

**u/RubberWetSpot** (2,107 points)

I just “repaired” a car for “Check for noise at highway speeds.” We have a policy to road test with the customer whenever possible. With her riding long in the passenger seat, she exclaimed, “it’s even louder from this side!”

I rolled up the window. It was down maybe 1/4” from it’s full up position...

**u/bieds-is-green** (2,094 points)

Might need the boss to take a look at this one too. Not sure if this is a one man job.

**u/Dr_Romm** (2,077 points)

The rear window ejector button

**u/richmondsteve** (1,845 points)

Before you return the car to this genius, leave the bottle on the passenger seat to see if she reinstalls it. She might not reinstall it for a few months.  Then, when she does, you get another contribution to the shop's beer fund all over again....

**u/proflaskirules** (1,242 points)

Maybe change all the blinker fluid to be safe.

**u/PatriarchSamael2** (1,159 points)

That’ll be $480.67 plus a $200 idiot surcharge.

**u/Lilmaggot** (1,127 points)

I once brought my car in because every time I braked there was a thumping noise.  Mechanic drove it, heard it, owner drove it heard it, they put it on the hoist, brakes looked ok.  

After a few minutes of head-scratching, the shop owner found a metal water bottle under the driver’s seat, rolling back and forth.  

Embarrassing!

*Edit- to clarify shop owner found the wayward bottle.

**u/supaphly42** (974 points)

But you'll take this one off her hands for $500 for parts.

**u/PapaCHUD** (962 points)

My girlfriend started driving my car after we got rid of hers, after a few weeks she started complaining that there was a bumping noise every time she would turn to the left or brake hard. So I took it for a spin and I also heard it. Lifted up the car to see if I could tell anything was wrong; nothing as far as I could see. *But I’m a total novice.* on a whim I open the trunk, and she had put into it, a 1/2” thick,and 3’ across TABLE TOP.  

I’m like “honey wtf are you doing driving around with that in the trunk!?” To which she respond that she garbage picked it and wanted it for are backyard patio. I’m confused so I ask her “well you said you heard the bumping a week+ ago! So that means something else is still wrong”. 

To which she replies:  
*”no it’s been in there for a few weeks.”*
I just silently removed it and walked away lol

**u/tensing99** (885 points)

Just fires it out the back, for when you have idiots tailgating you, so it can slice into their windshield, scratch up their paint, probably kill them. Idk.

**u/local_joost** (859 points)

Might have to call in external support on this one Jim, this is above our level!

**u/cr4zy-cat-lady** (841 points)

My mom drove that, or similar, model of Sequoia and would frequently press that button without knowing it! I think it was either an ‘04 or ‘06, but it was a great SUV.

**u/justatuch2much** (739 points)

... and they’re allowed to breed

**u/loopvroot** (674 points)

Lmao the whistling sound. 

My car has a weird noise at highway speeds, like my tire has a playing card in the spokes

**u/-Exivate** (617 points)

At one point I tried being really nice and cutting a bench fee in half for a customer who did something kind of silly like this.

Then they gave me a bad review for charging them for something that should have only taken a few minutes to fix.

Full price for idiots now.

**u/Lams1d** (605 points)

Pretty sure the window rolls down. So she rolled it down and thought it disappeared.

**u/bob_in_the_west** (591 points)

Empty the bottle by the amount it takes for the lever to work properly and then make her come back once she replaces it with a new one.
