# They added a roundabout near my hometown in rural, eastern Kentucky. Here is an example of how NOT to use a roundabout...

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/EVOSexyBeast  
**Score:** 138,351  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/mxtoe6/they_added_a_roundabout_near_my_hometown_in_rural/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/olobley** (18,356 points)

Why are so many people going on the wrong side of the road?

**u/Blindgod81** (15,268 points)

Did... did they forget which side of the street to drive on? Isn't that one of the more basic concepts while operating a motor vehicle?

**u/bisegi** (8,010 points)

I think you missed the part about it being rural Kentucky

**u/semioticmadness** (7,647 points)

Groupthink.  One driver was completely stupid, and a bunch of people that didn’t know better followed suit.

**u/joecool42069** (7,558 points)

"I need to go left, why would I turn right?"

**u/BLKush22** (6,427 points)

Following traffic in front of them

**u/EVOSexyBeast** (6,250 points)

NOT SHEEPLE

**u/speedycat2014** (5,060 points)

Explains a lot about Mitch McConnell

**u/GetsGold** (4,543 points)

Oh mercy me, I keep forgetting I'm in the colonies!

**u/KeepScrolling52** (4,266 points)

Weren't the idiots all driving on the wrong side of the road?

**u/lortch** (3,573 points)

Sometimes I feel like I’m nothing but a stupid idiot and the self loathing really sets in, but then I’ll see things like this and feel a little better about myself. At least I know how to drive through a roundabout. Wow.

Edit: I had no idea this would blow up, wow! I was honestly just being angsty after a bad day lol. I apologize to everyone who saw this if you have trouble with roundabouts. It is essentially just a first come first serve system, just like a 4-way stop, if that helpful at all. Thank you all for the awards and all the upvotes!!

**u/cutesnugglybear** (3,344 points)

As someone who sets up traffic control for a living this happens CONSTANTLY.  I'll put up a barricade with a giant arrow pointing to the right. One person goes on the left side of it and a line of cars will follow.

**u/EVOSexyBeast** (3,311 points)

Here is how the local community reacted to the news of a roundabout coming to their area on Facebook. [https://i.imgur.com/PEgDMKX.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/PEgDMKX.jpg)  


Edit: Since you guys liked this so much, here's more [https://i.imgur.com/VSVN2vK.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/VSVN2vK.jpg)

**u/Summerlycoris** (2,495 points)

First thoughts was "theres a few idiots treating this like a two- carriage roundabout when its one- carriage. Surprised they didn't get hit."

Then I remembered that you guys don't drive on the left hand side.

*Why were so many cars on the left hand side?*

**u/ddnut80** (2,131 points)

As someone who uses a roundabout daily, maybe five minutes from my house, this makes me sad.

**u/underage_cashier** (2,033 points)

kachow

**u/gore_fuck_eyesocket** (1,734 points)

&gt;Who ever decided to change the 4 way into a round about is about half retarted their was nothing wrong with the 4 way stop it's been their for years

Holy God damn this person can't be real. Kentucky needs to put a bit more money into their education system.

**u/Josefio** (1,513 points)

“We don’t need no fancy round roads.”

**u/Panzis** (1,442 points)

This is gold.

 "Did Goofy design this roundabout?"

 "Frenchmen traditionally will not look at other drivers. "

**u/[deleted]** (1,419 points)

A town by me with a bunch, everyone signals and stops, it’s infuriating but at least they stay on the right side of the road, lol.

**u/thefunkst** (1,251 points)

Lemmings

**u/rock-my-socks** (1,151 points)

As someone who's never driven a car but still knows how roundabouts work, this makes me mad.

**u/laughingashley** (1,138 points)

This used to happen when trying to establish parade routes or queues at Disneyland, too. Lemmings.

**u/stdoubtloud** (1,114 points)

By following the rules of the road, roundabouts just work. But if you want to see something crazy, check out this beast in Swindon, England

["magic" roundabout](https://youtu.be/6OGvj7GZSIo)

It looks terrifying but I drove on it once. Yield as normal and you get to the other side, no problem at all. Unless you are an idiot, of course.

**u/JukeBoxDildo** (1,071 points)

"Roundabout? Sounds kinda queer ta me! I'm so heterosexual that I only drive on straight roads. Not this sissy european shit!"
