# My dad has been an over the road trucker for 40 years and has never had an accident… until today.

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/DuckPuppy83  
**Score:** 125,153  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/v00u7x/my_dad_has_been_an_over_the_road_trucker_for_40/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/coffeeandtrout** (28,049 points)

Well at least your father’s not at fault. Hope he was okay.

**u/DuckPuppy83** (15,408 points)

Yeah. Shaken up but ok.

**u/Doppleganger1064** (9,752 points)

Have your pops keep a copy of this video on a thumb drive, his phone and PC. He may need it because that idiot will find an attorney that will sue. It happened to me, two times I got subpoenas. I had a copy of my dash cam video sent to the the other party's attorneys and the case was dropped. Attorneys see injury accident with a commercial vehicle and cha-ching dollar signs pop up. They ignore the fact that their client is at fault.  [Link to my post and video here on Reddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Truckers/comments/m1kgln/driver_misses_his_exit_comes_across_2_lanes_of/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share)

ALSO, if your pops, in the future is applying at another company, all they see is injury accident, not at fault on his record. They'll question it. So if he can easily show this video, it'll make the it easier to answer and explain to a potential employer.

**u/butfirstwehavetacos** (8,635 points)

Brutal. Not your dad’s fault at all. Curious how the driver of the car fared? That looked pretty bad

**u/DuckPuppy83** (6,692 points)

Dad said he had a gash on his head but was otherwise ok

**u/Sieze5** (6,631 points)

Glad he’s ok. That dude was too fast. Your dad should be furious.

**u/SomeDudeist** (6,614 points)

Fast and reasonably tempered.

**u/Cautionflag1956** (5,628 points)

Your dad had no way to avoid that. The idiot in the car ruined two careful driver's day , not just his own.

**u/DuckPuppy83** (5,272 points)

Had a head gash but ok otherwise

**u/[deleted]** (5,090 points)

Is idiot still, ya know…breathing?

**u/RockleyBob** (4,832 points)

Yeah but not too furious

**u/DuckPuppy83** (4,361 points)

Just a dumb kid trying to get around some trucks.

**u/hisnameisbrock** (4,076 points)

Lucky as hell, it looked deadly. And I wonder if they were on the phone or drunk or road raging or something. That’s a wickedly idiotic attempt.

**u/Syzygy_Stardust** (3,158 points)

That's why I always respect your mother

EDIT: Jesus, I need to make all my dumb jokes when taking my morning dump if this is the result

**u/Wampus_Cat_** (2,666 points)

This always gets me. People see trucks and think “slow, I need to get around that” when the truckers usually want to go faster, but can’t because dumbasses cut around them and end up going 5 under. Or pull out in front of them and go slow because they didn’t want to be stuck following a truck.

Don’t pull out in front of trucks, kids. Air brakes on a 70,000lb truck aren’t the same as your Honda Civic.

**u/ICanBeKinder** (1,939 points)

Accelerated and Angry

**u/areies88** (1,894 points)

This is great advice, I drive semi aswell and few years back outside of st Louis a van hit a car the car hit my trailer tires (my truck and the car were stopped in traffic) but it was still reported on my record as being involved in an accident. Since then I've had to explain this situation to companies. It does fall off after 4 years I believe.

**u/dirtwizards666** (1,865 points)

I'll never understand why people think this is a good idea, not only is it life threatening to the driver, the big rig could easily just destroy that car and potentially haunt the driver for a very long time. I live in NOLA and the amount of dangerous shit I see people do driving is beyond gross, I've seen cars nearly flip or just destroy their shit to be first to get into a ramp or off one. Like do they not think of anyone else but themselves? Like no one will be harmed by them totalling a car to shave 2 minutes off arrival time. The amount of false safety people feel behind the wheel of a vehicle is gross

**u/rmorrin** (1,810 points)

If something is literally 10-100 times heavier than your vehicle, treat it with 100-1000 times more caution and respect.

**u/kayguy55** (1,426 points)

Your poor dad. Hopefully he knows that there is no way he is at fault here and doesn’t carry that persons mistake.

**u/Careless_Zombie_5437** (1,201 points)

We need a new term for "accidents" that happen because of shear stupidity. Maybe we can call them "inevitables?"

**u/sm4h** (1,134 points)

Only thing that can make this worst is if it was his last day at this job

**u/Professional-Doubt-6** (1,074 points)

Try driving in Florida.  WTF!  Tourist driving around under the speed limit and lost, young guys with more money than brains, people driving on illegal drugs, people driving on legal drugs, people who are too old to drive, people who are too stupid to drive, people who are too drunk to drive, people who think street racing on bridges is cool, guys who think nobody is distracted by a continuously backfiring car, throw in a few terrifying motorcycle packs and rednecks running a white trash version of Mad Max.  What a fuck mess.

**u/Ulimarmel** (980 points)

Quick and belligerent

**u/skizzums0** (865 points)

My dad got rear ended by a pregnant woman who sued him for a miscarriage she had several months later. She lost the case, but he had to travel back to Virginia several times for court stuff
