# Idiot in Hummer filled 5 gas cans expecting shortages. Put them in his car and lit up a cigarette. Hummer destroyed. Swipe to see gas cans.

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/meister2a  
**Score:** 123,665  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/nbf59k/idiot_in_hummer_filled_5_gas_cans_expecting/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/TheMomentPassed** (14,485 points)

Now he got a vehicle shortage

**u/Leehouse65** (13,065 points)

The stupidest part about this is that in Florida, we get our gasoline by barge, not pipeline - the “shortages” we are having here are due to people doing shit like this...

**u/MrSparr0w** (7,635 points)

At least he won't need gas anymore

**u/Darthsnarkey** (4,660 points)

You know I have been seeing a lot of this level of stupidity and am really surprised I haven't seen more fires like this!

**u/meister2a** (4,177 points)

He won't do that again.. .in this vehicle

**u/AlternateFire2** (3,274 points)

SLPT: blow up your car so you never have to buy gas again!

**u/Kryptic_Anthology** (2,358 points)

*You wont believe how this guy saved thousands in lifetime fuel saving using this one easy trick!*

**u/xtcprty** (2,218 points)

Really bad MPG

**u/Dumpster_Sauce** (2,143 points)

I've been waiting for these to start. There's gonna be a whole lot more coming

**u/ask_me_about_cats** (1,759 points)

*Everyone* hates him.

**u/theSHlT** (1,678 points)

Gas stations *hate* him

**u/huskerphresh** (1,594 points)

Your mistake here was attributing them with the power of forethought.

**u/DistanceSea3513** (1,399 points)

five gas cans of fuel burned up in seconds? yep sounds like a hummer allright.

**u/Ian_Dima** (1,369 points)

Wasnt that like the same reason when toilet paper was short at the beginning of the pandemic?

At some point you just gotta say "brace yourselves" and people start prepping like its Fallout 3 at 8am next day.

**u/thecloudcities** (1,134 points)

Fire departments hate him.

**u/Darthsnarkey** (1,033 points)

My question is for the ones using bags and plastic totes... How do they plan on getting that onto their tank?

**u/koshgeo** (1,019 points)

You know, I'm starting to think some of those apocalypse movie depictions are too optimistic about how people would handle it.

Also, in the aftermath as the protagonists are wandering through the mostly-abandoned cities, they should come across at least a few houses with a garage completely filled with toilet paper or some other random, crazily hoarded product.

**u/sirimaden** (983 points)

not that I particulary like hoarders or people in hummers. But to his defence, he used correct gas cans. Imagine people with trash bins full of gas.

**u/Puzzleheaded-1985** (710 points)

I’ve been waiting for this type of story after seeing all the idiots filling non-appropriate containers and bags with gasoline!

**u/TwirlyShirley8** (677 points)

My favorites are the ones using trash bags.

**u/UnderOverDissapiont** (648 points)

People keep forgetting that if everyone just buys the gas that they would normally get, and not extra, then everyone would have all the gas they need, then no one else would panic buy, and everyone would have what they need. Plus you wouldn't have to buy 25 gallons for 3 bucs a gallon.

**u/hopalongrhapsody** (633 points)

[One highway, zero city](https://getyarn.io/yarn-clip/df5533a4-87c4-4c5b-b9fa-7ecb38a56e21)

**u/so-naughty** (628 points)

Well I guess they don’t need to be concerned about the gas shortage anymore since they no longer have a vehicle!

**u/MagicHamsta** (574 points)

Somehow he failed hard enough to succeed: 

Won't have any problems with fuel shortages if you don't have a car.
