# Drake's security oversteps their boundary

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/dump_acc_91  
**Score:** 123,188  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/u712zk/drakes_security_oversteps_their_boundary/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/painfulsargasm** (17,671 points)

They wanted their whole fucking convoy to have the right of way when they clearly had a red light? Fucking entitled assholes.

**u/obriencp** (15,976 points)

Couldn’t they just wait for a green light? Instead they went on red which caused camera vehicle to be stuck halfway through intersection… lead driver screwed up.

Edit:  the number of comments and upvotes here is insane based on my simple observation.

**u/nukething** (14,144 points)

”I’ll take your Tesla” Tf you gonna do, eat it?

**u/cirruscts62** (10,811 points)

The same as any security guard, none whatsoever

**u/[deleted]** (10,043 points)

What authority they possess?

**u/That_Car_Dude_Aus** (9,279 points)

Just lean on the horn

#WHAT?! I CAN'T HEAR YOU! MOVE OUT OF MY WAY!

**u/Chimpy_McChimp** (8,503 points)

Bellend has all that security yet drove around in a drop top ?

No security in front ? 
But billy roid balls comes out after 20seconds of lost los, shitty security.

**u/BookkeeperQuiet7894** (8,176 points)

Dude said “Run me over bro”.

That’s consent in my book.

**u/Consistent-Syrup-69** (7,149 points)

Move over, plebians! Wealthy person coming through!

**u/Blue-Panda-Man** (7,037 points)

If they were professional they would have waited for the green like you said. They would also have the package i between two of the vehicles and another car up ahead in the event the formation brakes. Now that’s if it was a professional team but the looks of this is his buddies are in the other cars and the bodyguard is out of line

**u/cirruscts62** (5,967 points)

Yeah no that needs to be dealt with, celebrities aren’t above the law and neither is there security guards. Mr big billy badass who got out and bitched at OP is nothing more than a Jeremy Dewitte

**u/BYoungNY** (5,524 points)

More like insecurity guard.... Amiright?

**u/NoBallroom4you** (5,486 points)

Okay.... this dude really doesn't understand his job....

1. He's a sacrificial pawn, asking to get run over will get him run over...
2. He's supposed to be  an expert in logistics, threat evaluation and defusing a situation, this guy could not plan the ham sandwich his brain is made out of...
3. He's supposed to get the client to and from the destination WITHOUT drawing attention to himself.

So far he's failed most of these... what an idiot.

**u/annabelle411** (4,457 points)

The biggest threat to Drake is the age of consent

**u/Significant_Half_166** (4,366 points)

Security guys scream “I would’ve joined the army but I’d have punched the drill sgt in the face”

**u/BackpackEverything** (3,484 points)

Drake was probably late for a grooming appointment.

**u/meanface24** (3,163 points)

The schools were probably just finished at that time, I could imagine he was in quite a rush.

**u/aeds5644** (3,078 points)

They're not security security they're muscle to make life easier by removing individuals who their employer finds inconvenient.

**u/golfer888** (3,065 points)

just sit inside it and be stuck in traffic like everyone else around you XD

**u/TheRiverStyx** (2,982 points)

Standard convoy practice too. You wait until the traffic allows you to keep as many vehicles in line as possible and don't force it. Your simple objective is to stay in a group and get there in the safest manner possible. These guys are just untrained hooligans, like a lot of 'security'.

**u/carlyte** (2,375 points)

There’s nothing worse than idiots willing to escalate such pettiness to games of chicken. Oh, run me over like you/I don’t have anything to lose on the way to work.

I see this all the time now with people who can’t merge at speed in traffic, with bicyclists, etc. Right of way be damned, no courtesy to wait a few cars either!

**u/Akhi11eus** (2,136 points)

Walk up to the driver window. "Hey man we have a security detail convoy heading out. Would you mind waiting a sec, we'll be out of your way shortly. Thank you very much." 

If the driver is still pissed: "here have a crisp $100 dollar bill."

Seriously if I was worth multiple millions and had a security detail, I'd have them all carrying a few hundred bucks each to soothe any ruffled feathers.

**u/StarFireChild4200** (2,101 points)

Don't threaten me with a good time

**u/[deleted]** (2,079 points)

Security agent motto: “the police wouldn’t hire me… yeah that bad”
