# Ever wonder what creates traffic? This guy.

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/S2K-K-Hole  
**Score:** 123,142  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/fejeaw/ever_wonder_what_creates_traffic_this_guy/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Jaybone512** (25,024 points)

God, that made me angry just watching that idiot.

**u/fishinbarbie** (14,405 points)

TIL I can get road rage sitting at my desk in my office.

**u/sofiavisitor** (12,817 points)

Fuck you, Illinois plate BM37958. From all of us.

**u/Comfortable_Shoe** (12,253 points)

I want this person to lose their license. I hope someone sent this video to the highway patrol.

**u/ProdesseQuamConspici** (8,033 points)

Call it in as a drunk driver. Slow, unable to stay in one lane - these are classic symptoms.

**u/Pilleroaetum** (7,254 points)

The fuck is that idiots problem

**u/Salty_Assassin** (3,905 points)

You have the footage. Send it to the police.

**u/jaycutlerr** (3,698 points)

Good old Chicago, this constructions is going on for ages now.

**u/mijolnirmkiv** (3,384 points)

Of course he's from Illinois...

Edit: Of course my first gold is a comment complaining about Illinois drivers...

**u/Von_Kissenburg** (2,953 points)

I'm not a lawyer, but I'm pretty sure that murdering the driver of that car is 100% legal.

**u/pauciradiatus** (2,785 points)

Yeah... I need to leave this sub. It's not healthy for me.

**u/ctrum69** (2,683 points)

probably terrified of the evil jersey barrier, so everyone has to go slow to make him feel less scared.

**u/asianabsinthe** (2,625 points)

No, that driver was purposely being a fucknut.

**u/CarreraGT528** (2,624 points)

And on I290 approaching the I94 interchange near the heart of downtown Chicago. Just knowing exactly where this is makes me even more mad because that area is already a bitch enough with normal traffic, then you add this fucking asshole. License needs to be revoked.

**u/luffydkenshin** (2,564 points)

Literally what I have done in the past. “Suspected drunk driving” is what i called in.

**u/RamboGoesMeow** (2,312 points)

I’m laying in bed, and I’m ready to swerve my car bed into this mother fucker on principle.

**u/mushiexl** (2,072 points)

Hes literally the definition of r/iamatotalpieceofshit

u/Max_KarmaDude this is the 3rd time you've replied to one of my comments with your shitty remark. You're another definition or r/imatotalpieceofshit

And yes I know hes a troll.

**u/Throwaway_Consoles** (1,937 points)

Also LPT for people with dashcams: When you see something like this **SAY THE LICENSE PLATE ALOUD**.

When I first got my dash cam I made it a habit to say every model and license plate I could. “Camry blah blah”. It makes it so if something happens your first instinct is to shout the make/mode/plate of a vehicle. Super useful when going through footage.

**u/Mad-_-Doctor** (1,678 points)

Honestly, just call the non emergency number and report it. Obviously that person shouldn’t be behind the wheel of a vehicle.

**u/SadaharuShogun** (1,017 points)

I really don't understand, at first I thought they were trying for a late merge to the far right lane, but then they decided the middle of the 1st and 2nd lane was actually where they needed to be?  
  
How do these people pass their test?!

**u/aburke626** (1,013 points)

I have seen this a LOT where I live and I don’t get it - it’s like this weird competition where people cannot let anyone pass them or be in front of them. It’s so dangerous and infuriating. Dude, I’m driving, if I pass you, it’s not personal. Please don’t make it personal, that’s how accidents happen. Just focus on the road and drive. It’s even scarier when people do it at 70-85mph and I’m like “I wasn’t racing you! I just changed lanes! Stop it!”

**u/xanif** (992 points)

He drifted into the cammer's lane.

Cammer put on horn to alert them that they were drifting.

HOW DARE YOU HONK AT ME I BRAKE CHECK YOU MY PENIS IS SMALL.

It my opinion of what happened.

**u/soda_cookie** (908 points)

*"accidentally" pits the vehicle* 

Oops. Sawwy, your lack of turn signal and idiotic driving led us to this unfortunate situation

**u/sloedog** (882 points)

That stretch of 290 has been under construction forever. Such a cluster fuck in that spot to begin with.

**u/PharmOwner54** (870 points)

I went with an ex to visit some family friends of hers in North Dakota and they referred to Illinois people as FIBs. Fucking Illinois Bastards.

ETA: My first gold. Thank you.
