# If it weren’t for my dash cam I would have been at fault, driver and witness said I ran a red.

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/Choo27  
**Score:** 118,011  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/f1yz3p/if_it_werent_for_my_dash_cam_i_would_have_been_at/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/TheHoosierHammer** (16,395 points)

Just proves that either 1) people will lie to get out of anything and/or 2) eyewitness accounts, especially of fast-moving events, are unreliable. The video never lies

**u/Choo27** (9,154 points)

Was taken to hospital with only minor injuries, just couldn’t believe when the police told me that he had said he had a green and a witness agreed

**u/mrbrendanblack** (9,012 points)

Fucking hell. Are you okay? The other driver was clearly at fault.

**u/firegoesboom** (6,510 points)

Oh I bet they weren't too excited when they found out you had a  dash cam

**u/Dosito86** (6,445 points)

Seeing this makes me want to get a dash cam even more

**u/TigerUSF** (5,842 points)

Glad you're ok.

I like how the car stops spinning and perfectly shows your light finally turning red and theirs turning green.

**u/Choo27** (5,193 points)

Unfortunately I was too busy lying in the snow trying to breathe to investigate so I’m unsure! I also don’t know who they talked to because I was taken away before police arrived

**u/glorybutt** (5,149 points)

Just get one. Don’t wait till after an accident

**u/mrbrendanblack** (4,223 points)

Good. Was the driver drunk? &amp; was the witness a dickhead?

Edit: yes, I’m aware that eyewitness testimony can be unreliable.

**u/Unspoken_Ghost** (4,150 points)

Literally just in a crash yesterday. Idiot took a left turn right into us. (If I had it on video it would have been here). And then fucking tried to argue with the cop and change the whole story and everything.

Edit: I should clarify we were going straight on a highway.

**u/Choo27** (3,985 points)

Beat purchase I’ve ever made now haha!

**u/mrbrendanblack** (3,767 points)

Fair enough. Thank fuck you had a dashcam.

**u/Choo27** (3,157 points)

I was really glad it caught that too!

**u/ayyywhyyy** (2,231 points)

Damn - I’m glad you had the dashcam. Most importantly it’s good to hear you’re ok. 

It’s sad that we need dashcams for purposes like this. I hope you let the driver and witness lie to the police before sharing the video.

**u/Choo27** (2,079 points)

They did, the police talked to me last after I got home from the hospital and were surprised to see the footage after what they had heard from the other driver and witness

**u/TheHoosierHammer** (1,865 points)

Get a dashcam, front and rear. Not too expensive and worth their weight in gold for scenarios like the one you just described.

**u/Whatsmynameagaiin** (1,862 points)

I tell everyone it's the cheapest and best insurance policy you will ever buy. Hardly anyone listens.

**u/DipYoChip** (1,607 points)

I need to get one of those dash cams.

**u/ReggieEvansTheKing** (1,401 points)

Insurance companies should honestly give them away for free. It would save them a lot of money in false claims

**u/quietpewpews** (1,168 points)

When I got into an accident I was the one first approached by the officer. I discreetly asked him to get the other party's story first, and then him and I could watch the video together. He absolutely reamed her out in person and in the report, and he wrote her a hefty citation because he was pissed she gave him a bullshit story.

**u/Imaflyingpapaya** (1,143 points)

Took mine 3 years to pay for itself. I was reversed into in a drive-thru and the driver of the other vehicle and witness claimed I hit her.

**u/werd5** (1,140 points)

I came within a few inches of hitting a cop who ran a red light. He didn’t have his emergency lights on and wasn’t trying to beat a yellow light. His light had been red for at least 15 seconds. If I wouldn’t have seen his headlights reflect off of a parked car, I would have had no idea he was coming through the intersection at about 45-50mph (in a 25mph zone). I wondered if we did actually get into a collision, in that scenario, would I be better off waiting to give the video to a lawyer or could other police officers on the scene be trusted with the footage? There was nobody else around and it was late at night. He could have easily flipped his blue lights on and said he was responding to a call. Or what if I did give the tape to the other officers? It could conveniently get lost. Genuinely wondering what you should do in that scenario.

**u/WreddReighn** (1,137 points)

Was the “witness” a passenger in their car? I never trust people in the same car when I’m doing my accident investigations lol.

**u/cakeclockwork** (1,121 points)

Even the cheap ones would be worth it for the peace of mind.
