# Crossing Guard in Maryland saves child from being hit by a car

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/T400  
**Score:** 116,863  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/sl8g5v/crossing_guard_in_maryland_saves_child_from_being/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/SplodeyMcSchoolio** (31,852 points)

How do you not see someone wearing the brightest jacket in the history of jackets?

**u/hifumiyo1** (17,464 points)

Their phone beeped

**u/Colonal_Dale** (8,774 points)

People that drive around me when I’m stopped at a crosswalk, they are the worst. Not only do they drive around at high speeds, but they have zero visibility.

**u/atomikplayboy** (8,238 points)

At least they stopped instead of driving off… small miracle I know.

**u/rsplatpc** (7,235 points)

&gt; Their phone beeped

in the middle of the txt conversation that had been going on for 4 minutes, and the driver has never heard of txt to speech, a cell phone mount, car mode, etc

**u/GingerrGina** (5,749 points)

Looks like speeding in a school zone too.

**u/Juusto3_3** (4,768 points)

Just feels bad to see. Crossing guard did a good job and got hit by a car in exchange.

**u/treetwiggstrue** (4,713 points)

Big big fine and charges coming their way!

**u/flimbs** (4,556 points)

The driver wanted to speak to the crossing guards' manager.

**u/figureswit** (3,048 points)

My aunt died a few months ago because one car stopped to let her cross the street, but a second car coming up behind them went around the first car, hitting my aunt and killing her on the spot. 
When the first responders came to the scene, they saw the guy who hit her just crying on the sidewalk. It is very sad for him, but he accidentally took a life because he was in a hurry.

Edit: uff, thank you for everyone’s well wishes. I was in a low place when I wrote this, convinced it wouldn’t be read by many, but I had to let something out, I guess.  
For everyone who shared a personal story, thank you, and I wish every single person here the best.

**u/igotasandwich** (2,776 points)

i believe people like that are not even curious to look for options like that

**u/mininova721** (2,524 points)

Good. I bet the driver was texting. How can you not spot a big bright orange dude standing in the middle of the road.

**u/Torgosassistant2021** (2,289 points)

People like that are the reason why states have made laws that prohibit you from holding a mobile device while driving.  Many people don't understand that it's a fools errand to assume you can multitask while driving.  It's unsafe for you and for everyone around you.

**u/TheLordHumongous1** (1,833 points)

r/totalfuckingidiotsincars.

**u/TheHoleInFranksHead** (1,719 points)

More [on the story here](https://6abc.com/amp/crossing-guard-student-safety-driver-ignores-commands-corporal-annette-goodyear/11539098/)

**u/EQOA_Fanatic** (1,483 points)

I work in an ER and you'd be surprised how many road workers - you know, those guys in bright orange/green shirts and vests and reflective hardhats - come in by ambulance with a Work Comp claim because they got run over by someone who "didn't see them".

**u/RaptorJesus856** (1,469 points)

How dare you stop and make me take an extra 5-10 seconds to get where I'm going?! Now I gotta dangerously speed past you to make up for lost time 😡

**u/JBDucati1199** (1,170 points)

People don’t realize this is not a BS job. Crossing guard in my city was mowed down by someone who ran a red light 3 yrs ago. I wasn’t there but story is she saved the kids there by always having them stay back at the curb until she walked out first. That’s when she she got hit by some idiot psycho prolly texting. It’s tragic. But they are hero’s to us as parents. Respect and props.

**u/NRMusicProject** (1,070 points)

Every single day, I see someone almost run their car completely off the street and correct it.  As I pass, they're ALWAYS buried in their phone.  

Even saw a guy do this on the highway at around 70mph this past weekend.  Road curved, he kept going straight.  Saved it last second, then got right back on his phone.

People are basically given a life threatening warning when texting/driving, and still think they're okay to do it.

**u/Reddit-username_here** (892 points)

Oh shit! And she was a cop! Not gonna be a good day in court.

**u/SmallYerrow** (836 points)

Thats a hero right there.

**u/lathe_down_sally** (817 points)

I interpreted your comment as the driver being the cop. It was the *crossing guard* that was a cop.

**u/Traveler555** (756 points)

At night it's worse, with the blinding lights that are poweful enough to illuminate a stadium. I slow down to a crawl and the workers yell while waving me through. Sorry I don't want to run you over, I can't see anything because of the 500 billion candlepower spotlights.
