# Can we all agree that this is a winner?

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/Rektifizierer  
**Score:** 115,226  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/fragl0/can_we_all_agree_that_this_is_a_winner/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/bmcluck12283** (15,388 points)

Push him out the way

**u/Turbo-Reyes** (14,084 points)

Just take his license, im too drunk to elaborate

**u/MightyKartoffel** (7,205 points)

I was desperately waiting for that.

**u/myburnerforthissub** (7,051 points)

I don't know how it works over there, but can the fire fighters call in the license plate number and have that person arrested?

**u/Andros1510Ro** (6,259 points)

Petition to add a lot of rubber around the police cars, firetrucks and ambulances in order to push the cars in cases like this.

Edit-Had to fix an embarrassing number of mistakes

**u/SpielStreber** (5,290 points)

Yes they can. If you don't make enough space (in Germany it's called a "Rettungsgasse") then you have to pay up to 200€. When the emergency car can't drive trough because you don't make a "Rettungsgasse", then you get a driving ban for 1 month and up to 360€. You'll also get 2 points. If you have 8 points, you lose your driving license.
Source only in German: https://www.sueddeutsche.de/panorama/rettungskasse-bussgeld-strafe-autobahn-1.4359690

**u/sochap** (4,377 points)

What a moron.

**u/redidididididit** (3,456 points)

So is the driver

**u/Thisislizj** (3,396 points)

Jeebus. How can people exist while being this inattentive!? If they'd even stopped on the actual line rather than several feet back it would probably have been fine. Driver deserves a dent in his bumper for that.

**u/bmcluck12283** (3,344 points)

I'm kinda disappointed.  If it was me driving . FLOOR IT

**u/ZeroDependents** (3,292 points)

Was she already listening to an audio of blasting sirens on her headphones?

[EDIT] Thank you u/mriphonedude for the gold! Thank you /u/kraeuterheld for the energy!

**u/Thisislizj** (2,566 points)

Firecar.

**u/Tyler77i** (2,228 points)

Would love to see shit this strict in USA.

**u/Meeseeks82** (1,808 points)

Florida wouldn’t be able to drive

**u/MetalQueenEmily** (1,788 points)

One of my most embarrassing moments in life was because of this right here. I was a new driver and had my music too loud and it already had sirens in it. The light was green and no one was moving, so I tried to go around, but accidentally cut off a fire truck in the process. They honked and luckily that cut through my music. I pulled over and the guy mouth “what the fuck are you doing??” At me. I was completely mortified when I realized what I did.

**u/Cymelion** (1,712 points)

While understandable - that would damage the Fire Truck which would then be taken off the road until repaired making the service down a fire truck.

**u/Dr_Apk** (1,646 points)

Drunk is separate thing. This is totally jerk move

**u/jageanke** (1,276 points)

In the UK they would have rammed him/her out of the way. As they rightly ought to have done.

**u/lookxdontxtouch** (1,240 points)

I didn't even realize until I read your comment, it just flowed so easily.

Also...police card.

**u/MemioliRavioli** (1,200 points)

Or just add that person’s home adress to the *Not going to waste water on this one* list.

**u/moelycrio** (1,170 points)

German..... he will think he is in the right. 
Nothing will change his mind. 
Source: Lived in German. Everyone is right about everything.

**u/Dragonlicker69** (1,135 points)

Not at full speed but perhaps if gently moved until numbers were touching and then speed up to push them? I imagine commercial vehicle bodies have more give than the outer layer of the truck.

**u/MemioliRavioli** (1,109 points)

Even with headphones in, a firetruck is not just something you hear. It takes up your entire rear-view mirror, you can feel the rumbling of its engine and the vibrations of the sound coming from the horns. 

There’s no way that driver didn’t notice it.

**u/SupremeDictatorPaul** (999 points)

If it makes you feel any better, we’ve all done something at least that dumb in our lives. It was a learning experience for you, and you’re not likely to ever repeat it. 

One of the most frustrating things about being a dad is watching my kid do the stupidest things. Constantly. Like, all the time. I have to constantly remind myself that he doesn’t have the experience to know why it’s a bad choice or action. It’s my job to teach him that if all traffic is stopped at a green light, to look around for a fire truck, before he gets in that situation.
