# Good samaritan cleans up after littering lawbreaking nonse

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/bayern-97  
**Score:** 115,098  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/fj3thj/good_samaritan_cleans_up_after_littering/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Nero3s** (17,921 points)

I could never understand how someone could be such a d bag.

**u/TWDYrocks** (8,689 points)

Narcissism.  They are the only ones that matter, everyone else is a sucker for waiting in traffic. They deserve to be in front and pass everyone on the shoulder.  They are too good to dispose of their trash properly and throwing it out the window doesn’t effect them in any meaningful way so why should it clutter up the car?

**u/DrQui** (5,672 points)

Lol guy comes to pick up his trash and the guy runs away. What a disgusting little coward

**u/Pubeshampoo** (3,896 points)

Then rides the shoulder again because whoever is in the car is also a little bitch

**u/Lizaderp** (3,749 points)

That is the neatest highway I've ever seen in my life. Good on the driver for keeping it looking like new.

**u/stupidbuthed** (3,258 points)

One of my “friends” acts like this and he wonders why no one ever wants to hangout with him and why he finds it difficult to make friends.

Edit: i thought about it and ironically he drives exactly like the asshole in this video (minus the littering)

**u/sonyfuchs** (2,726 points)

Why is he your friend?

**u/kopecs** (2,084 points)

Someone should really just tell him to fuck off then.

**u/stupidbuthed** (2,078 points)

Well i dont consider him my friend. Hes just part of a larger group and he inserts himself into things where hes not wanted.

**u/shortlife55** (1,969 points)

We can see the license plate, they should be fined for littering, at least

Edited: typo

**u/SwarleyThePotato** (1,883 points)

Respect to the truck driver for his reaction. I couldn't be that calm.

**u/ucallmedoom** (1,432 points)

I was hoping he would get the chance to shove it back inside the car.

**u/Tastewell** (1,409 points)

Chances are someone has, it just didn't register. Narcissists have highly developed filters that protect them from negative feedback.

**u/anotherformerlurker** (1,191 points)

I hope he got arrested after this video was posted

**u/HercCheif** (905 points)

Thats a renewed section of highway 12 in northern CA. It only looks that good because they just finished it about 2 years ago. Give it time and itll look like every other freeway/highway in CA

**u/JCBh9** (818 points)

This is a fine lol.  You don’t to to jail for everything

**u/l0c0pez** (715 points)

He wasn't hanging around that long, littering and careless/reckless driving seem more appropriate

Edit: original comment said loitering

**u/GenericUname** (714 points)

100%. Gotta assume he was originally going to confront the prick(s) in the car. 

Keeping it together when they drove off, and moving straight on to picking up the litter anyway, rather than wasting effort trying to chase them or yelling after them shows someone with their shit together and priorities in the right order.

**u/aaronsbillwa** (681 points)

Most states it’s a 300-500 dollar fine, plus the reckless driving

**u/Awsimical** (652 points)

Sounds like something a little bitch would say

**u/systembusy** (636 points)

Yeah, and you never get an apology from a narcissist either, only a justification or excuse for their behavior.

**u/pnw-techie** (566 points)

When I was a kid, I'd see signs posted like "No littering. $100 fine." And I thought... Why do they explicitly allow you to litter $100 bills?  I'd picture rich people standing there in front of a cop just throwing $100s and just gloating like "You can't do anything cop! $100 is fine!" It was a mystery to me for many years. And a definite hint I might be autistic

**u/MiroBeero** (535 points)

Police should be able to hand out summons to court for shit like this.

**u/Youkindofare** (505 points)

Litterbug knew it was coming.

**u/wickedmadd** (452 points)

In Oregon it's a max $6250 fine. Yet trash is still everywhere.
