# Idiot cop flips pregnant woman's car for pulling over too slowly.

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/Valkie  
**Score:** 114,771  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/nvtw8w/idiot_cop_flips_pregnant_womans_car_for_pulling/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Valkie** (18,231 points)

"A woman has filed a lawsuit against Arkansas State Police after an officer who was attempting to get her to pull over caused her to flip her car while she was pregnant.

The incident took place last June, when Arkansas resident Nicole Harper was driving near Jacksonville and noticed police officer Rodney Dunn signalling for her to pull over, prompting Harper to take the necessary actions to do so.

In accordance with the Arkansas Driver License Study Guide, Harper, who was pregnant at the time, slowed down and put on her hazard lights, seemingly looking for a safe place to stop."

**u/FLTDI** (15,646 points)

My drivers ed teacher, that was a retired sheriff deputy, instructed us to do exactly what this lady was doing if you're being pulled over in an unsafe location.

**u/matteothehun** (14,282 points)

I predict that she will win her lawsuit, tax payers will pay the cost, and Rodney Dunn will suffer no consequences for his actions.

**u/cansitter** (13,323 points)

Somebody has been wanting to pull a pit maneuver for a long time

**u/Calmdowndude420** (9,687 points)

Fuck qualified immunity

**u/hx-er** (8,602 points)

r/iamatotalpieceofshit

[https://www.unilad.co.uk/news/police-officer-sued-for-flipping-pregnant-womans-car-when-she-didnt-stop-fast-enough/](https://www.unilad.co.uk/news/police-officer-sued-for-flipping-pregnant-womans-car-when-she-didnt-stop-fast-enough/)

And he gets away 😡: ***"Though police reportedly plan to fight the lawsuit, the outcome is unlikely to have a personal impact on Dunn as Arkansas law means he is immune from any personal responsibility for his actions."***

**u/usernamesarehard1979** (7,319 points)

Yeah, mine too.  Then one day I got pulled over on the freeway and decided to take the next off ramp.  Fucker yelled at me to pull over immediately over his PA.  So I did and he had to keep an eye over his shoulder the whole time to see if someone was going to nail him.  I told him what I was doing, he didn't give a shit.

**u/Ajax957** (7,089 points)

He pulled a pit maneuver with no back up, without clearing the highway to make sure other cars would not be in the crash, and to a car that was not speeding away. I am legit terrified of idiot cops.

**u/MrsZero07** (6,986 points)

[Police officer sued for flipping pregnant woman’s car when she didn’t stop fast enough](https://www.unilad.co.uk/news/police-officer-sued-for-flipping-pregnant-womans-car-when-she-didnt-stop-fast-enough/)

**u/botDani** (6,781 points)

The article ends with:
"Though police reportedly plan to fight the lawsuit, the outcome is unlikely to have a personal impact on Dunn as Arkansas law means he is immune from any personal responsibility for his actions"

This is for real? Or I don't get it?

**u/Forgetful_Suzy** (6,075 points)

The funny thing about this, I was watching it last night and checked their Facebook account and the first picture is the dept telling people to watch out for cop cars that are pulled over as it’s a picture of a smashed police car.

Edit. I thought of screen shotting but didn’t. Oh well

**u/PaleozoicFrogBoy** (5,870 points)

Pregnant or not I can’t think of a single reason why this officer would need to flip this car. 

The fact that the victim was pregnant just makes this that much more deplorable.

Edit: those of you saying “there’s no way he meant to flip that car”, maybe, but an incomplete PIT against an SUV at 75-85 mph is not going to be clean. He either knew the risk and accepted the consequences on behalf of the victim (ass hole) or was not properly trained and was unaware of just how risky this decision was (idiot). Pick your conclusion, either way this man shouldn’t be on the road.

**u/sundstrom193** (5,415 points)

“Police reportedly claim Harper was attempting to ‘flee’ the officer and that she was a danger to other drivers.”

How can they get behind their officer when this video shows a complete lack of patience? It was obvious she was trying to stop and he just got impatient

**u/617curveby** (5,253 points)

This is from the Arkansas Police Facebook, from June 5th


"IF you see blue lights behind you, and you feel scared that it is not a real police officer OR you would like to drive to a safe or lighted location: first SLOW DOWN, and turn on your hazard lights - this will let the officer know you see them. Move to the farthest right lane, and continue to drive to a location where you feel safe (ex. under a street light, a gas station, an exit ramp, or side road). If you do not believe that the vehicle behind you is a real police officer, immediately call 911. You will NOT BE charged with fleeing if you are doing these things. You have the right to be safe!!!"


Their state laws, from I can find with 5 mins of digging is 


"If a person knows that his or her immediate arrest or detention is being attempted by a duly authorized law enforcement officer, it is the lawful duty of the person to refrain from fleeing, either on foot or by means of any vehicle or conveyance."


So it doesn't outline what fleeing actually is defined as but the official Facebook says what the woman did here was perfect fine. 

Regardless if if she was fleeing or not(she wasn't), the use of a pit maneuver was completely wrong and not SOP. She wasn't fleeing the officer, and in fact did exactly what she was supposed to do. You can't just pull out a pit maneuver whenever you want, there's procedures for it, including when it should be used. This police officer did not follow procedure and should be fired for endangering a person with a vehicle, abusing their equipment, and overall a failure to asses a situation with the standard of service and protection that all policemen should meet.

**u/Im1Guy** (5,167 points)

"Though police reportedly plan to fight the lawsuit, the outcome is unlikely to have a personal impact on Dunn as Arkansas law means he is immune from any personal responsibility for his actions."

**u/Minorous** (4,431 points)

It's called Qualified Immunity, look it up, it is definitely for real.

**u/meanjoegreen8** (4,398 points)

So don't find a safe place to pull over put the officer in as much risk as possible.

**u/MrsZero07** (3,913 points)

There’s literally no excuse to PIT a vehicle that is not being reckless. She was driving reasonably and was clearly waiting to not be positioned between that barrier and the roadway.

**u/Bunch_of_Nerds** (3,695 points)

They deleted that post. A bunch of comments on their FB are calling them out for deleting it.

**u/pug_nuts** (3,521 points)

Which is pretty bullshit because this is **clearly** outside of the realm of normal and approved response behaviour. That cop should be charged with attempted manslaughter.

edit: for everyone mad about the term I chose to use, [here you go](https://www.rpfoley.com/attempted-voluntary-manslaughter-florida-statute-782-07-and-777.html). Fight over it yourselves.

**u/harmslongarms** (3,481 points)

Literally one of the most proven methods of reducing police violence is ending qualified immunity. It's a joke

**u/rokr1292** (3,114 points)

I got pulled over on a road inside my university once, and since there was no shoulder, I moved less than 200 feet to a parking area. 

That cop yelled and mean mugged me like I insulted his mother.  Then seemed like he wanted me to thank him for not ticketing me despite the fact that he said, with his mouth, that he pulled me over for "almost" doing something.  


Edit: the "almost" crime I was pulled over for was that while making a left in a RWD pickup, I "almost spun the tires".  I made a legal left after coming to a complete stop at a 3 way intersection, and this officer didn't like that I did it quickly. I wasnt speeding, I didnt do a burnout, the tires didnt even make a squealing noise.

**u/RawboticPandurrrrrrr** (3,066 points)

Paid vacation incoming
