# Cyclist gets clothes lined

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/DaGiftofGab  
**Score:** 114,571  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/i3hccg/cyclist_gets_clothes_lined/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Mensars** (10,788 points)

Driver of that car must be some different kind of idiot to drive like this.

**u/Tiefy1** (8,044 points)

The guys got a fucking headache rack too, he could have loaded that so many better ways.

**u/Frozboz** (6,565 points)

That could have easily killed him.  Often when people say "lucky to be alive" it's a little hyperbolic but not this time.

**u/Assholecasserole2** (4,337 points)

And now the cyclist has a headache rack, among other aches

**u/Skythunder01** (4,261 points)

Sue him. Can't imagine how much money you'd get

**u/Krannapple** (3,319 points)

Pretty sure OP is entitled to more than just his medical expenses. 

Also, the driver of this truck should be criminally charged.

**u/Father-Sha** (2,506 points)

I bet he's about to make fucking BANK though. Hopefully the guy who hit the cyclist was on the job, that way the cyclist can sue the company and get even more money. This is one of those times where a lawsuit is absolutely justified.

Edit: Yes, I am now aware this happened in BC.

**u/tiktakje** (2,272 points)

Absolute moron

**u/Goalie_deacon** (2,116 points)

Most drivers carry a $100,000 insurance coverage for this.  So idiot's insurance should cover all of OP's medical expenses.  This shouldn't have to go to court.

**u/BothFuture** (1,790 points)

Some one had to help with that right? A single person didn't just load that and say "Yup, I'm good". There are at least 2 idiots if not more that thought this was a solid plan.

**u/SockRuse** (1,649 points)

If you drive by a cyclist with that strapped to your truck that way you should qualify for an "assult with a deadly weapon" sentence in my eyes.

**u/mcouey** (1,531 points)

Can confirm. I got hit while driving my motorcycle by a negligent Jimmy John's delivery driver. Snapped femur and humerus. About 2 years later it all settled and received a decent sum of money. 
Still get pain in my arm today. 
Fuck that guy.

Edit: humerus spelling.

**u/Burner060** (1,273 points)

Fuck that if they were lucky they wouldn't have gotten clothes lined by a truck going 80 to begin with shit theyre just a small bit luckier than a dead person

**u/jessyblorp** (1,239 points)

The wood isn’t flagged — which is a violation. Could probably charged with reckless endangerment or reckless operation?

**edit** OKAY GUYS, I know I’m terrible at spelling. Thank you. Fixed a word.

**u/Big_D_yup** (1,229 points)

It doesn't matter of it's flagged.  At this point it's a wide load and should have escorts. Adding a flag on wood that uses  another lane doesn't suddenly make it right.  Well US that is.

**u/Velli88** (813 points)

I'm guessing the 2nd idiot is some kid at Lowes getting paid $10/hr to work a forklift for the first time in their life.

**u/iAMUNiiCORN** (790 points)

Fucking troglodyte

**u/-avoidingwork-** (723 points)

Beyond that

**u/mcouey** (719 points)

Luckily neither were breaks that stuck out of the skin. The surgeon put a titanium rod in my femur and I was starting to walk two days later.
My arm looks like I have a hair brush in it from the x-rays. Plate along the length of the arm with the majority of the screws going into the ball of my shoulder.

Pro tip: Even though it may be painful or seem like it's not working, do all of the physical therapy. When your body works right later you'll appreciate the hard work.

**u/69_Beers_Later** (642 points)

Lucky to be alive ≠ lucky

**u/Generalcologuard** (609 points)

The worst part is that they have a back rack.  All you gotta do is ramp the wood on top of there and wedge into the tailgate, two or three ratchet straps in the bed, done.  They found a way to make it harder and ungodly dangerous.

**u/zigjockey** (607 points)

Most supply stores have a policy of not assisting in the securing of loads in order to avoid liability in this type of incident.

**u/MooseTetrino** (564 points)

Absolute plank.

**u/DefunctDoughnut** (487 points)

If it were florida, it qualifies for attempted voluntary manslaughter. 3rd degree felony. Even if they don't die.

Florida Statute 782.07 prohibits anyone from committing manslaughter which is when a defendant commits, obtains, or is negligently culpable in an act that kills someone. Even if the individual did not kill someone, Florida Statute 777.04 prohibits anyone from attempting manslaughter.

Edit: learned what "Culpable Negligence" fully means, and it is likely I am incorrect as far as this being Attempted Voluntary Manslaughter. 

It could be that he is intentionally negligent, but it is unknown, and thus does not outright qualify him as a felon. 

Thank you to those who discussed the situation and opened my eyes.

**u/CharmingTuber** (458 points)

Snapped femur? Damn
