# Truck lifted too high to see the Porsche in front of him.

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/AnynameIwant1  
**Score:** 113,543  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/owsegj/truck_lifted_too_high_to_see_the_porsche_in_front/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Raegoul** (15,005 points)

The only lesson the truck owner learned was he should lift it higher so he can clear the car when driving over it.

**u/sran1** (10,885 points)

My stepfather did that lifted truck bit once then a cop pulled him over and showed him the grocery cart he ran over, then gave him a ticket because it broke the pa height restrictions.

**u/OrishaShango** (4,057 points)

Only if he lifts it properly and doesn’t have his axles hanging down at the stock ride height.

**u/BapeFujiwara** (3,999 points)

*trucks insurance* - YOU HIT A WHAT?!

**u/padizzledonk** (3,400 points)

Its so fuckin stupid looking imo

**u/Lilmaggot** (3,328 points)

And that’s why you never walk directly in front of an idling truck.  It can be deadly. 

Source- am former 911 operator.

**u/_bexcalibur** (3,064 points)

That sounds very stepdad-like.

**u/Gucci_cat_** (2,390 points)

The bigger your truck the smaller your dick

Edit: how do some of y’all not understand a joke?

**u/PartymanXD** (2,261 points)

Oh I'd be soooo pissed if that was my Porsche.

**u/_generic_user** (1,723 points)

I’m the exception because I drive a VW golf and my dick is still smol

**u/techsavior** (1,692 points)

I think the mods on the bro-dozer cost almost as much as that Porsche.

**u/eveningsand** (1,681 points)

How awesome was your step dad's mullet? Because he has to have had a bitchin' mullet.

Edit: Holy shit guys, I think we found [The Stepdad](https://www.reddit.com/r/memes/comments/ownalj/are_you_sure_dad/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share)

**u/mightaswellyeet** (1,518 points)

Business in the front, parole officer in the back

**u/coletrainb** (1,418 points)

I bet he could also throw a football over them mountains.

**u/rulerdude** (1,352 points)

2 weeks after getting my new car with a backup camera (coming from one that didn't have a backup camera) I was leaving Walmart. After I put all my groceries up and got in my car, the woman in the car next to me walked up and started loading her car. I went to backup, and directly behind my trunk was her stroller with a child inside of it. There was absolutely no way for me to see it with any of my mirrors, and I only saw it because of my backup camera. Had this happened 2 weeks prior when I was still in my old car who knows what would have happened. Although I feel it should go without saying, NEVER leave your stroller behind a stranger's car

**u/xcantdj** (1,317 points)

Yeah but you're giving off some real big dick energy. It's not the size of your dick that matters, but the size of your dick energy

**u/runerx** (1,271 points)

Looks like a Great Dane humping a Chihuahua

**u/binadujones** (1,199 points)

It is not about the size of the dick in a man's pants, but the size of the dick in his heart

**u/BatJew_Official** (1,129 points)

Yeah me too. I mean I don't have a Porsche, but man if I did, boy would that ruin my evening

**u/asvpmvson** (948 points)

i am so tired of massive trucks

**u/Adultery** (947 points)

I own a Porsche and live in Texas where these trucks are a'plenty. This is my nightmare.

**u/libananahammock** (947 points)

I do genealogy research for other people as a side job and I’ve come across several death certificates for children that had been backed over by their own parents. As a parent myself, I can’t even begin to imagine the absolute pain that would come with accidentally killing your own kid.

**u/lpmusix** (907 points)

There's a reason why cars are required by law to be sold with backup cameras now.

**u/20CharacterLimitOnly** (805 points)

"Step truck, what are you doing to me?"

**u/Critical_Soup806** (726 points)

I don’t want to ask.
