# Now we know how he afforded that car

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/WilliAnne  
**Score:** 112,390  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/l29550/now_we_know_how_he_afforded_that_car/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/BothFuture** (24,659 points)

I want the footage of him watching himself try to commit fraud.

**u/Morall_tach** (23,312 points)

I want to see the footage where he shows the officer all the damage from a rubber tire hitting a plastic bumper at 0.01 mph.

**u/StreetSmartsGaming** (10,245 points)

I want the footage of the cops watching him watching himself commit fraud.

**u/Baybob1** (8,218 points)

Well there's whiplash and all that .... LOL

**u/syaoran1991** (7,382 points)

Wow lol

He even whistled for the cop to come as if the cops are his lap dogs. What a POS

**u/bud40oz** (5,462 points)

r/iamatotalpieceofshit

**u/Kryptic_Anthology** (5,018 points)

Must be some crazy adrenaline to jump out of your car like that with so much whiplash.

**u/Mikstache** (4,953 points)

Well, he is driving a corvette.

**u/mtlguyrs** (4,778 points)

Why the hell would you mention you’ve got a camera. Let him lie to those lovely police officers then expose him once he’s done telling his tale. He can then face multiple pretty serious charges,

**u/slickyslickslick** (4,237 points)

I want the footage of the jury reading out the conviction of fraud.

**u/potus_mouth** (2,726 points)

As brilliant a ploy as this would’ve been, the rider was too stunned by that dude’s audacity to get their head around something like that.

**u/Belyal** (2,493 points)

And assault with a dealy weapon. That vehicle outclassed that bike big time

**u/JoJoRouletteBiden** (2,329 points)

I did this a few years ago. Someone ran a red light and I hit them. They acted like I ran the light and hit them, so I waited until they told their story to the cops, then asked the cop if he'd like to see my dashcam footage. He watched it, then went over to the other people and gave them tickets for failure to stop and obstructing for lying.

**u/[deleted]** (2,198 points)

And the footage of him backing into the bike at a stoplight. 

Protip. Never tell these people you have their actions recorded. Let them lie to the cops first.

**u/Velli88** (2,179 points)

Oh that was a whistle lol.

**u/JU5TlN** (1,861 points)

I want footage of him being clobbered with the biker's helmet.

**u/thousandislands** (1,846 points)

This is exactly why I got a dash cam. A Tesla rolled back into me at a red light (while I was honking). Driver got out and yelled at me for hitting them.

**u/WilliAnne** (1,744 points)

This was the last tiktok on the guys page. If he posts anything I’ll let you know

**u/vicioushermit** (1,668 points)

I want to know more about this like howd it turn out

**u/Umutuku** (1,479 points)

They don't offer it as an option because they're too focused on selling death star headlights these days.

**u/Baybob1** (1,471 points)

Yeah, well that's a symptom of adrenaline.  Proof he was badly hurt doncha know.

**u/some_damn_guy** (1,397 points)

Idk if you caught it but this kid (motorcycle op) went live and explained the cop asked them to get tf out of the way first. Motorcycle guy showed the cop the clip (he said he has a GoPro hero 10 or something so he pulled up the clip super fast and easy) the cop took his side, the car guy got upset at the cop, the cop told him to F off without actually saying that. No damage at all was done and motorcycle guy believes he was trying to scam for insurance.

**u/bluntsandbears** (1,245 points)

And to think he was almost finished making the payments on that ‘96 and now it has an accident on its record

**u/Rickrickrickrickrick** (1,086 points)

Yeah if this ever happened to me I wouldn't mention the footage until the police get there just so we can all watch it together.
