# So this happened to me today. Gotta love illegal U-turns off of the shoulder

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/That_random_guy-1  
**Score:** 111,364  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/nd9urp/so_this_happened_to_me_today_gotta_love_illegal/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/flimsy2** (21,604 points)

what an absolute buffoon, on a blind turn and everything

**u/That_random_guy-1** (17,566 points)

Blind turn, illegal U-turn, no signal. 
I don’t think there’s anything I could have done to avoid it

**u/ChickenFashionShow** (7,027 points)

I had the same and that is why I got a dash cam.

**u/That_random_guy-1** (6,659 points)

I’ve had a dashcam for a little while just in case, and I’m so glad now that I got it

**u/udunn0jb** (5,408 points)

Damn. That sucks. What an idiot

**u/That_random_guy-1** (4,155 points)

Yea, might actually be able to get some decent karma with this post 😂

**u/nautilusanchorsu** (3,884 points)

The bright side is you get to replace your windshield!

**u/That_random_guy-1** (3,804 points)

*car lol, I’m like 99.9% it’s totaled

**u/magnani65** (3,004 points)

Glad you had four wheels, if you were on a motorcycle, you would be dead. The idiot who pulled that maneuver and caused the accident could have easily killed someone.

**u/That_random_guy-1** (2,847 points)

If you have the money I’d suggest one that has adhesive, that’s what mine has. 
I live in the desert where it gets really hot and it hasn’t ever fallen off

**u/TasteMyDay** (2,331 points)

I need a new one, I've had two and the suction cups keep failing on me...

**u/jst1ofknd** (2,306 points)

Seems like a good trade.  Total a car and get internet points.  Sign me up!

Seriously though, glad you're okay and that you had a dash cam.

**u/or_gasm** (1,965 points)

Dumbass. My god. There’s parking lots for this.

**u/That_random_guy-1** (1,501 points)

Yea, I don’t want to be to harsh because they were really nice people and shit happens, but yea there are way better areas to do that

**u/Morgoth_Bauglir888** (1,472 points)

OP is actually at fault. You should've looked in your Crystal ball before stepping in your vehicle to know what was gonna happen. I'm with Geico and they provided me one for free.

**u/creamonyourcrop** (1,368 points)

If you are on a bike and see someone on the side like this, just assume he is waiting to kill you.

**u/That_random_guy-1** (1,250 points)

Lmao! If only I could trade in points for something that actually matters, and yea I’m so glad no one was hurt enough to go to the hospital right away

**u/FalconFiveZeroNine** (1,115 points)

yOu ShOuLd aLwAyS eXpeCt peOpLE tO dO uTuRns iN fRoNt oF yOU aT aLl TiMeS!!! DeFeNSiVe dRiViNg hAs kEpT mE sAfE fOR oVeR 100 yeArs!!!

**u/EAH5515** (1,001 points)

I used to work at a body shop and you'd be surprised what a insurance company is willing to fix before they total anything. I seen them literally cut about 1/4 of a vehicle and weld it back together with junkyard parts.

Edit: For clarification I was mainly talking about the body of the car nothing structural while also following the manufacturers guidelines on where to cut and weld.

**u/TasteMyDay** (934 points)

I'll try that next time for sure thx. Im in the same boat, always 100 degrees with high humidity.

**u/notjanelane** (769 points)

**goes to personal injury lawyer**

"I mean I got a ton of internet points so how to we make this into cash" 😂😂😂

**u/That_random_guy-1** (754 points)

Wtf, I know I wouldn’t have a choice, but I wouldn’t want that. I’d feel like the car would fall apart at the smallest bumps

**u/DaniellaTreat** (739 points)

That happened to me once. Except the person doing the u-turn was a cop.

**u/scrupulousness** (727 points)

The hungry Chevy impala lies in wait of its prey.

**u/Teamweightedpullup** (711 points)

You are 100% not at fault that guys a fucking moron
