# Nothing irritates me more than people with brights

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/Smokelessblood  
**Score:** 110,046  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/oivrs8/nothing_irritates_me_more_than_people_with_brights/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Kat-Shaw** (6,447 points)

This is why I hate Nissan Jukes. Their high beam is the exact level of my rear view mirror. If one is behind me at night it feels like I'm being tailgated by a pink Floyd concert

**u/imperialcipher9** (2,097 points)

This is ONE of the reasons I hate Nissan jukes. I can cite some Richard Hammond quotes if I need to

**u/Mantistoboggin96** (2,041 points)

As an overnight truck driver, I spend my life with assholes high beaming me from behind like this. Like yeah, Definitely doesn’t shine into my mirrors and fucking blind me or anything.

**u/Effective_James** (1,470 points)

I dont get why people use their brights when there is another vehicle infront of them. I only use them when I am alone, driving at night on a road with sharp turns, like in a canyon. There is 0 reason to turn on your brights when another car is infront of you to guide the way.

**u/babuskaboi_18** (1,433 points)

“I hate it with a physical passion, a gut-wrenching, colon-knotting, visceral twist that threatens to disrupt my digestive tract and direct bile into my heart.”

**u/whatnameisnttaken098** (1,397 points)

I want a LED board where I can send preprogrammed messages thru it

**u/LCDRtomdodge** (1,293 points)

Ah, but your argument assumes others are at least just as capable as you are at applying reasonable logic and basic empathy for others to their decisions. 

Spoiler alert: there's a whole bunch of self centered ignorant dumb asses driving around and they are incapable of such logic and reason or lack the empathy to employ it.

**u/almstlvnlf** (1,154 points)

Has anyone else noticed that regular car headlights seem to be a lot brighter than they used to be?

**u/72SpaceMan-Spiff** (966 points)

Damned straight. Ill add this to my todo list for my truck

**u/Tweezot** (879 points)

Combination of LED bulbs and the rising popularity of SUVs which shine their lights at eye-level for most sedans

**u/computingbookworm** (665 points)

Yes and not just for assholes. I'd love to be able to say "your left head/tail light is out" cause nobody wants to be pulled over for that when they're late to work. Of course I'd have "stay the fuck off of my bumper" too though

**u/Trios0** (465 points)

Lifted trucks with their brights on at exact eye level for the rest of humanity. For the love of god please be normal.

**u/SaltMineSpelunker** (462 points)

Have camping light that face backwards on my car. Friend is a city cop says that if I were to use those to flash someone behind me I could get cited for reckless endangerment or maybe even go to jail. Could blind them and cause a crash.

**u/-CHAD_THUNDERCOCK-** (413 points)

Those drivers are the type of people that open their mouth when a dog licks their face

**u/zerkrazus** (402 points)

And the seeming unwillingness to point headlights down.

**u/HanginApe** (398 points)

Settle down Volkswagen

**u/WxUdornot** (344 points)

My dad was a textbook sociopathic narcissist.  He had a small piece of black electric tape in the center of the instrument cluster on his Crown Vic.  His explanation was that he liked to drive with his brights on ALL THE TIME but the blue "brights indicator" light bothered him so he had taped over it.  He was unable to see the irony of that.

**u/Ferro_Giconi** (326 points)

The problem isn't unwillingness to point them down, the problem is that they have to point forward or you just can't see. If you point them down even just 5 degrees, you will only get about 11.5 feet of visibility per foot off the ground the light is. Even if you put the light absurdly high on the vehicle, pointing it down will reduce the visibility to something very unsafe at speed.

**u/Birdy_Cephon_Altera** (284 points)

This has been discussed on reddit many times, and often someone says "you just don't understand that on some cars, today's regular headlights are brighter".  
  
Yeah, we get that.  We hate those, too.  But in **this case**, we really do mean people that drive around with their high-beams on at every opportunity, on every road, **on purpose**.  It really has gotten much worse over the past decade - people can be selfish pricks these days, "I can see better so fuck you I don't care about whether you can see or not".

**u/BullocksMissLayup** (279 points)

or even "stop blinking your high beams me! there are 2 cars infront of me, i cant go any faster!"

**u/Devadander** (258 points)

There’s many reasons to hate Jukes

**u/Iamatworkgoaway** (257 points)

That comes closest in writing to the level of hate high beams(or misaligned low beams) generate in my soul.

**u/IJanusI** (239 points)

It isnt even just brights anymore. Those stupid LED headlights are way too bright, its like they are driving with their brights on always. I cant even drive at night  if there is traffic going the other way bc of all those damn LED headlights in your face are blinding.

**u/JeffonFIRE** (238 points)

I don't think there's any particular logic, thought process, or lack of empathy at play here.  It's simply idiots that don't even realize they have their high beams on.  No idea what the little blue icon is on their dash.

Edit: typo
