# Result of my mother's drunk driving.

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/TayyylorBennett  
**Score:** 109,881  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/lusx0d/result_of_my_mothers_drunk_driving/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/TayyylorBennett** (11,028 points)

Honda odyssey 2015. Not positive on the year. Maybe newer.

**u/rblue** (6,538 points)

Sorry about your mom. Watched my brother die of renal failure two months ago at 43. If she pulls through this, hopefully she’ll get help.

**u/junzilla** (6,197 points)

Modern cars are amazing with those crumple zones!

**u/8_Ohm_Woofer** (5,725 points)

[CRUMPLE ZONES a video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPF4fBGNK0U)

A 1959 Belair crashes with 2009 Malibu!

Who will survive?

Modern Marvels~!

**u/TayyylorBennett** (4,587 points)

Nah that car is totaled

**u/Peaky_Fokin_Blinders** (3,240 points)

I'm sorry but when I seen your comment started with "me" I instanly read the whole thing in a pirate accent

**u/Scrambleed** (3,003 points)

Me highschool  girlfriend's mom used to drive us around drunk all the time. Scared the shit out of me. One day she accidently drove off a pier into a lagoon. Thank goodness we weren't in the car.

**u/NamasteMotherfucker** (2,546 points)

That's my favorite video to show people when they don't seem to realize how far things have come.

**u/328l** (2,360 points)

tootsie roll

**u/Miserable-Climate-50** (2,091 points)

.08 out of 10

**u/1CrazyCrabClaw** (2,064 points)

Rip, that's tough. Take care.

**u/TayyylorBennett** (2,039 points)

I know. Lol. Bad joke. She's in recovery. Might lose some mobility in her right leg. But she'll be "okay"

Edit: grammar

**u/8_Ohm_Woofer** (1,946 points)

Old cars are unsafe!

My amazing friend (Steve Rahn) died because he had a 80's Caprice and the drunk had a brand new 2005 rental. Head on crash on a 45 mph highway.

15 years and I am still grieving..... 

:(

**u/TayyylorBennett** (1,732 points)

Yes. Didn't even flinch.

**u/TexGirl8** (1,651 points)

Very good example of a picture is worth a 1000 words.  I hope everyone is ok

**u/upstateski** (1,549 points)

Im no mechanic but that looks like itll run you about tree fiddy

**u/bunny-rabbit_uwu** (1,401 points)

It's funny how many problems alcohol causes in the body despite its legality and relative accessibility. 

A cynical view of this would be that alcohol generates too much revenue or dulls the population to other issues, but I don't know that that's necessarily true. 

Either way, I think it's important to realize that when Europeans came to the US, they gave many of the Native peoples alcohol (which they had never known before***), which resulted in abnormally high rates of alcoholism and general societal problems in the community. 

And the unfortunate thing is that it will never go away. Like other drugs, it will always exist, and have consequences on lives.

***Edit: as several people pointed out, this is oversimplified, but in general my point about Natives' access to alcohol was primarily directed towards the Eastern and northern tribes as well as the accessibility, strength, and use of the alcohol. Some tribes made weak alcohols, and used them for ceremonial purposes, not as we use them today.

**u/TayyylorBennett** (1,349 points)

Honda odyssey

**u/Candyvanmanstan** (1,324 points)

Is that why it's called an Impala?

**u/Scrambleed** (1,204 points)

Hahaha I didn't even notice my typo. I like it. Leaving it.

**u/suckmesoleless** (1,155 points)

Is she ok?

**u/peesteam** (1,080 points)

Back when the steering column would impale you.

**u/itsthebrod** (1,047 points)

Or dumbass boomers that claim "they don't make them like they used to." No shit they don't, they're way safer and better.

**u/MattSpew** (971 points)

Is the tree okay?

**u/WiseEditor9667** (928 points)

i remember my grandpa drove a old Caprice and would go on and on about how much safer it was then "modern plastic cars"
