# This is what you look like when your don’t have your headlights on.

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/mano412  
**Score:** 109,387  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/fd07pd/this_is_what_you_look_like_when_your_dont_have/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/foulbachelorlife** (5,242 points)

I don't know how many times I'll drive home from work and some fuckstick is blazing down the highway doing 70 with his lights fucking off

**u/phiggie** (4,264 points)

Compared to a person dressed in black walking in the road at night

**u/stephenking247** (2,449 points)

I also can't stand the people who think their daytime running lights are enough. Yes it helps people see the front of the car, but not the rear. Headlights on during inclement weather is about others seeing you and not about how well you can see.

**u/Jrfemfin** (1,671 points)

I counted the ones going opposite me a few days ago. In 12 miles I passed 8 cars at 6:00 PM with no lights. In the rain. On the interstate. Going 70 mph. I had one ahead of me too.

**u/feelsdecent** (1,154 points)

Reminds me of a time when i was walking home at night after going to my local lidl to get sum food. Theres a main road beside it and i was like sure ill just cross coz theres no cars near me, i check 2 times before i cross and the first step i take bam a car screeches infront of me, she stops and starts yelling at me for not looking where im going, i in shock that somehow a fucking car teleported infront of me as soon as i cross think how its possible, i look at her car and its mettalic black, lights turned off completely and no streetlights near the road. I tell her why shes driving without lights on and shr says to shut up and drives off.

**u/giftedgothic** (876 points)

Two minutes later: "Why'd that d-bag flash me, there's no cops up here!!!"

**u/foulbachelorlife** (846 points)

When you flash them they ignore you too. Crazy

**u/thinkB4WeSpeak** (839 points)

Let's all get reflective belts.

**u/THofTheShire** (583 points)

They should require manufacturers to include taillights with DTRs.  So many people think they're good to go because they can see well enough ahead, it's ridiculous.

**u/July_4_1776** (532 points)

“Idiot thinks MY brights are on?!”

**u/sliceoflife09** (527 points)

Wipers on -&gt; lights on. Be safe out there

**u/rmxg** (415 points)

PT belts for all

**u/IAmA_Risky_Click_AMA** (404 points)

When I'm flashing someone for having light off, I turn my lights off and on rather than just hitting them with highbeams.

**u/snayte** (315 points)

I say just have the auto headlights come on any time the engine is running.  What is the downside?.  If you need them off for some reason flip the switch, which would reset the next time the engine is started.

I hate that my auto headlights do not come on when is it dark enough that I think they should.

**u/calfan5** (306 points)

Daylight is my relief from being blinded by lifted pickups with their high beams on.

**u/ImOutWanderingAround** (294 points)

IMO the problem is newer cars have dash’s that are lit up like a Christmas tree in daytime mode.  The default position should be automatic and you have to override to turn them off.

**u/anatomatt** (252 points)

*Takes picture while driving*

**u/plastikspoon1** (223 points)

Now, and I'm not calling you a weirdo or anything, but this sounds anecdotal

**u/RMMacFru** (210 points)

Try jogger. In the road. In the dark.  Unless it snowed. Then he wore white.

I kid you not.

**u/Blackadder288** (192 points)

I went from a 2005 car to a 2015 car. The 05 had automatic lights the 15 didn’t

**u/ATastyPeanut** (181 points)

Same, I had to do this for like 5 min before the idiot finally realized

**u/ppp475** (177 points)

They are, but in the US there are a lot of trucks/cars with either really bright or improperly aimed normal headlights, which makes it feel like they're driving with the high beams on to you when you're coming towards them.

**u/Dutch-CatLady** (168 points)

I cannot think of any reasonable reason your headlights really need to be off.... Someone please enlighten me

**u/pconwell** (168 points)

I'm assuming he is referring to the ceramic bit from spark plugs. I don't understand the science of it, but if you take a little broken off chunk of that ceramic and throw it at glass, it will shatter the glass.

The spark plugs itself is nothing special.
