# Its a jeep thing? (excuse my language I was upset)

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/trilaxx  
**Score:** 108,288  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/rnsvh0/its_a_jeep_thing_excuse_my_language_i_was_upset/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Barnacle-Dull** (25,147 points)

People will do anything to avoid admitting they’re wrong

**u/glitterelephant** (18,772 points)

“I was making a u turn!” Which means you don’t have right of way you idiot.

**u/squat_diddly** (9,842 points)

Idiot... Who makes a u turn when other cars are on that lane? Regardless if it's a bike or a car he cut off... He should have waited to make that u turn

**u/totallylambert** (8,322 points)

Love that he’s indignant about how much of a nob he is.

**u/SneadoTheHero** (6,831 points)

Jeep dude can't think clearly due to poor circulation thanks to that shirt.

*Edit* Thanks for the silver kind stranger!

*Edit x2* And thank you for the gold and others! It's nice to all come together over our universal hatred of Chad

**u/DontBeAsheeP74** (5,933 points)

Lol
He knows he’s a moron lol

**u/BunGeebus** (5,800 points)

I thought being an adult is firstly about taking responsibility and admitting when you're wrong, right?

**u/lsharris** (4,312 points)

Watch the beginning of the video. He DID cut off cars, too. He's a fucking idiot.

**u/[deleted]** (3,984 points)

Most people over the age 18 aren't adults, just grown up children.

**u/mindfulskeptic420** (3,252 points)

it's an even worse response than "I was making a left turn!" or "I was backing out of my driveway!" Seriously why do so many people defend their inability to follow the rules of the road?

**u/[deleted]** (2,180 points)

This is how so many people react to being wrong these days.  Like what happened to the ability to fuck up and then be able to quickly realize you fucked up and say, "Oh shit my bad!"?

**u/meatmechdriver** (2,098 points)

no no, he is just The Most Important Man in Florida and all of these people should be gracious to have been in his magnificent presence

**u/IceNein** (1,875 points)

How much easier would everyone's day been if that dude just said he was sorry.

**u/Poder5** (1,646 points)

Sadly, morons don’t know.

**u/BakaTheSmasher** (1,468 points)

You'll have to excuse him. That shirt clearly cut off the blood supply to his 2 brain cells.

**u/Dry-Procedure-6559** (1,384 points)

What a tool

**u/Nermanater** (1,216 points)

Yeah, maturity is by-and-large a myth in my experience.

**u/CrucialLogic** (1,200 points)

You spelled Impotent wrong?

**u/gunguygary** (1,108 points)

"Bitch!"

**u/hermajestycxntberly** (1,100 points)

"Watch where you're going!", says the smooth brain blocking an entire lane.

**u/jumpbacktomeanytime** (1,006 points)

Because they're selfish.

**u/vaders_other_son** (997 points)

He’s cut off circulation to his head but it seems there’s nothing up there that requires a blood supply

**u/wgc123** (948 points)

I don’t understand it: how the heck do you stop in the middle of the road, blocking a lane or more of traffic, to get out and argue with the guy you almost wrecked, when you’ve already done something so obviously wrong?

**u/BunGeebus** (913 points)

He knows he is faulty. But he had to keep the act going at that point. Lil bitch is acting tough but isn't mature enough to take responsibility over killing people
