# Does this count. Speeding in a school zone

**Sub:** r/IdiotsInCars  
**Author:** u/SerDire  
**Score:** 108,068  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/qgid6c/does_this_count_speeding_in_a_school_zone/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Hour-Example1920** (21,609 points)

He was using reverse psychology.

**u/azuth89** (21,561 points)

Why did he think backing up to chat was a good idea?

**u/StoneyBuhlownee420** (12,433 points)

“You need to get off the road”
“I’m on the sidewalk dude... *You’re Busted* “

so fucking hilarious when cops desperately search for whatever small amount of leverage they can get when they’re clearly in the wrong, and it just makes them look even dumber

**u/Jezzes** (10,633 points)

Backing up was stupid. Wish the driver behind him was reversed into.

**u/aManPerson** (5,712 points)

what in the holy hell when truck gets rear ended.  man that would have been a nightmare

"yes i was backing up.........no because a cop car was stopped in front of me and also backing up.......because he was trying to talk to a pedestrian that pulled him over for spe........yes that's what i said.........."

**u/buttfuckinghippie** (5,165 points)

Not dumb. Shameless. They won't admit they've done anything wrong, and if you keep bothering them they'll find a reason to arrest you. It's a threat.

**u/The_Racho** (5,044 points)

He was undoing the mph he went over the speed limit by doing negative mph.

**u/nellyd92** (4,132 points)

" I do believe I was braking coming up to it" but if someone gave him that excuse he would likely take it as "giving cheek" and probably search their car and do anything he can just to make their day shitty.

**u/rican_havoc** (3,929 points)

You’re busted, man!

**u/mykidsadick** (3,663 points)

Get off the road 😂😂 what a peckerhead

**u/nydjason** (3,436 points)

Dude was going twice the speed limit on a school zone, backs up his car endangering the car behind him, tells the guy to get off the road while he’s on the sidewalk.

Does he get a participation medal from his superiors?

**u/azuth89** (2,726 points)

Aight, i snorted. Have your upvote.

**u/oldmanrelsky** (1,662 points)

Don't send it to the police IA or anything. Send it to the media. Even better if you can get multiple examples.

**u/The_Racho** (1,458 points)

Convenient how when you're the one enforcing the rules there is no infraction for disregarding them. The amount of times in my city I see cops run their lights just to go fast for a stretch of road or to run red lights as I watch them turn it off shortly after is a slap in the face, and they should be ticketed for it just like anyone else.

Love how this guy can just drive away after being called out, but would not give that same leniency to anyone for such a BS excuse as that.

**u/Siqmadiqwmfkinkandym** (1,337 points)

Reminds me of Homer Simpsons excuse for not coming into work after Maggie beat him with a hammer:

"I told you.... my baby beat me up.... nooo that's not the worst excuse you've ever heard"

**u/StoneyBuhlownee420** (1,324 points)

For sure, and imagine if this arrogant bimbo actually caused an accident when he had the gall to stop in the middle of the damn road and fucking back up to talk to this guy. I’m sure our protagonist would have been arrested on the spot for no real reason.

**u/padizzledonk** (1,163 points)

Because he's the emperor of his little feifdom and he knows that rules don't apply to him.


If the Police really want to improve their image they should have an absolute zero wrongdoing policy and hand out citations to other police....the fact that they drive like fucking assholes everywhere and nothing happens really gets on people's nerves

That cocksucker more than doubled the posted speed limit, if that was any of us we would be going to court and might even get our DL suspended and pay out the ass

E- Zero Tolerance Policy...what the fuck is wrong with me lmao

**u/meatball402** (1,102 points)

"I'm a cop. I do what I want. I enforce the law, therefore it does not apply to me."

**u/MayKinBaykin** (1,068 points)

Police lights were on and even though there was a video I can confidently say that this would be an insurance nightmare to deal with

**u/ronchee1** (986 points)

"Homer. Mr Burns said if you dont come in on Friday, don't bother coming in on Monday."

"Wohoo! 4 day weekend!"

**u/judahrosenthal** (965 points)

Like Ferris Bueller.

**u/SnOwYO1** (952 points)

That was my favourite part where he responds with “I’m on the sidewalk dude” and pans te camera to prove it. Then savagely backs it up with “you’re busted”

**u/Kiltymchaggismuncher** (900 points)

"I do believe" is a cop out, so he can deny giving false facts if he actually got questioned about it. He knew fine well he'd been caught red handed. Its kind of pathetic how much police /sheriffs can get away with in the states. Double the speed in a school zone, he ought to have been put on desk duty for 6 months as a minimal,and had his license suspended

**u/EternalSerenity2019** (827 points)

I wish he had ended the encounter by letting him off with a warning.

**u/KikoSawce** (802 points)

DUUUUUUUUVAAAAL
