# The people of /r/me_irl vs /u/lordtuts for the theft of a record 70,000 karma.

**Sub:** r/KarmaCourt  
**Author:** u/mintsponge  
**Score:** 12,822  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/5itzq8/the_people_of_rme_irl_vs_ulordtuts_for_the_theft/  

---

Expertly timed in the wake of Reddit increasing karma scores, /u/lordtuts deliberately targeted the most weak and fragile members of Reddit to pull perhaps the largest scale scam in Reddit history.


15/12/16: /u/lordtuts makes a legally binding contract to tattoo the top me_irl post of the next day on his ass. [Exhibit A](https://www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/5ihre2/me_irl/)

16/12/16: /r/me_irl users, their lives finally given meaning, jump at the opportunity and flood the subreddit with posts. /u/lordtuts spends the day spurring them on, and even enlists the help of his wife (or is she?) to help sell the ruse. [Exhibit B](https://www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/5ip6nv/meirl/)


17/12/16: /u/lordtuts unashamedly flees with his karma. [Exhibit C](https://www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/5it0d7/me_irl/)

---

## Top Comments

**u/GinAndMangoJuice** (4,677 points)

I'll volunteer for defense. 

Edit: did you really think I would volunteer for defense just for some fake Internet points?

**u/troe2339** (2,757 points)

To the lovely person, who reported this post because "we're all faggots", I'd just like to confirm that I am indeed a raging homosexual, but I fail to see how this has anything to do with this post. Have a good day, sir, and stay classy. 

EDIT: 
I thought I'd have some fun and answer all the lovely people who took their time to write a nice report for this comment.

&gt; please unsticky nobody cares about ur sexual orientation. faggot.

Apparently all the people who upvoted me do. 857 as of right now.

&gt;We're all faggots

Not sure this is true, but I wish it was.

&gt;You're all faggots

See above.

&gt; we're all homosexuals on this blessed day

You. I like you.

&gt;your gayness is turning me on

Sorry, I have a boyfriend :)

&gt;RAGING FAGGOT GAVE MY CANCER

You should see a doctor about that... It might not be very nice if it's prostate cancer. You might not like what the doctor will have to do to check for that.

&gt;a/s/l?

Straight forward aren't we? Well, I'm old enough to have a driver's license, I'm a guy and I live in Denmark (long live the Queen). 

&gt;PRECISELY HOW GAY ARE YOU??

On a scale from 1-10? Beyoncé.

&gt;&gt;"a raging homosexual" Hey there ;)

Hey ;)

&gt;I hate Selena Gomez

Hate is a strong word, but I'm not a fan of hers either.

&gt;ur a faggot

I thought we already determined that...

&gt;You're all STRAIGHT!

I can't speak for my colleagues, but my boyfriend would like to respectfully disagree with you when it comes to me.

## Edit 2: 

On a more serious note, since this hit the front page I'd just like to remind everyone to keep a sober tone in the comments. No racism, homophobia and just being a dick in general. If you don't have something nice/satire to say then you should just keep your mouth shut, or we'll make sure to shut it for you. Remember mods=Nazis, so we **will** ban you.

Edit 3: 

&gt; Oh, how long have you and your boyfriend been together? Is he cute?

For a few months now. He's very cute, yes :)

&gt;Quit updating your shitty post, it's not even relevant

Don't tell me what to do!

&gt;Is your BF and you into 3 somes?

I don't know. /u/RaggingWizard, are we?

&gt; Can I be responded to? I like you.

Yes you can. You seem like a nice guy. Thanks for the compliment :)

&gt; Can you put me in your stickied comment too?

Happy?

&gt;Are you going to see rogue one? Also who is your favorite star wars character?

As a matter of fact I am tomorrow. My favourite of all time would have to be Hans Solo (mini edit: I know his name is Han. I misspelled it, but now I quite like Hans instead. More Nordic. Raaawr Vikings!!!). Harrison Ford is awesome!

**u/kcbarexam** (1,889 points)

**Upvote if you think the defendant is GUILTY:** #&amp;#009;####&amp;#009;		#&amp;#009;#&amp;#009;#&amp;#009;

**u/chris_899** (1,783 points)

Was that even a real edit??

/r/karmacourt

**u/jankorinkema** (1,467 points)

"Most weak and fragile members of reddit"
Take my upvote

**u/Nekhera** (1,075 points)

Aah...but neither did the 'contract' say EXACTLY 10,000 upvotes. At one point of time the post in question DID INFACT have 10,000 upvotes, and hence the 'contract' is legally binding.

**u/lordtuts** (1,022 points)

I wish to make a motion to halt all trial proceedings for a brief moment so that I can make a statement. 

Firstly, I would like it to go on the record that /u/Hanssssolo, my beloved wife, had no part in the actions I took over the course of December 15, 2016 - December 17, 2016. She was in no way a willing accessory, participant, or accomplice to the events which unfolded. 

And now on to my actions. 

Your Honor, I, /u/lordtuts, being of sound mind and body, do fully attest to the fact that I never had any intention of tattooing my posterior, and did fully intend to use said promise to mislead the users of /r/me_irl for the purpose of gaining massive amounts of karma. But before you cast your judgement, allow me to paint you a picture. 

A picture of depravity. Of self loathing. Of a bear. A skeleton. Soldiers. 90kg projectiles being launched over 300 meters.

Throughout the waning months of 2016, /r/me_irl was locked in a civil war that was slowly destroying the hearts and minds of its users. While a temporary truce had been called in the early weeks of October, it was clear to all but the most weak minded that the war was still being waged, and /r/me_irl was a ticking time bomb primed to explode at a moment's notice. 

Memes came and went on a whim. There was no guidance and no unity. A false hope had been placed in an anthropomorphic bee that appeared promising, but I knew...I knew that this too would not last. The people did not need a hero. They need a common enemy. 

Without something to rise against, the users would continue to spiral into madness and suffering. It was with this knowledge that I created my master plan. My plan to rebuild /r/me_irl into a prosperous land. A land of hope.

I would sacrifice myself for the sake of the people. I would cast myself out as a villain if it meant that it would bring peace, and Your Honor, I believe that peace has finally been achieved.

Look to the front page of /r/me_irl, and tell me when was the last time you saw such compassion over one meme. Such unity over one thing. All of Reddit had been made aware of this power that /r/me_irl has now gained. 

With my sacrifice, I have brought the people together to stand towards a common goal. No longer do the people sit in their own filth waiting for their next daily fix that might not even come. No longer do they rely on the work of others for their satisfaction. Through this unity, greatness will be achieved. New memes will rise up, and The Golden Age will begin. 

While I may fall to the darkness of Oblivion for my actions, I do so with a smile on my face. I will be the martyr that these great people need. I will be their sacrificial lamb. 

And so Your Honor, I do not tell you these things to raise myself up as a saint, but so that one day, future users will be able to look back onto these events and have an understand of the great need that there was, and so that they do not make our same mistakes. 

Your Honor, I have spoken my peace.

**u/EpicNinjaCowboy** (1,016 points)

"If this gets 10,000 upvotes" is a term of the 'contract'. It received almost 70,000 upvotes, therefore the conditions are not met. He ought to have said "If this gets at least 10,000 upvotes", however he didn't.

**u/Dino_Guy_II** (950 points)

Your honour, this is clearly a textbook case of Grand Theft Upvote.

Almost all of us know that karma is not easy to come by. So upvoting is usually reserved for posts that seem worthy enough for a donation. In turn - the OP recieves a small amount of karma to use as he/she pleases. It's a cycle of thankfulness and understanding, every honest redditor is aware of this and abides by it.

Tens of thousands of hardworking redditors decided to give /u/lordtus an upvote because they thought he was trustworthy and would fulfil on his promise. Like the abhorrent cartoon villain he is, he laughed in their faces and made off with the karma - stealing hours of work and tables of food from almost an entire subreddit.

This is not what an innocent man would do, wouldn't you agree your honour?

**u/troe2339** (782 points)

#####Trial Thread

Order in the court!!! 

*Justice Troe bangs his gavel repeatedly.*

It seems we have to people volunteering for prosecutor, so I'll make a small competition. Whoever posts their opening statement first of /u/Dino_Guy_II and /u/qasem01 will be the prosecutor. The defence, Mr. /u/Shh_only_dreams_now, will then respond to that prosecutor. Gentlemen, do you understand the rules?

The normal rules for a trial applies, and just to remind you of some of those rules:

* Be funny
* Be nice
* Never call me anything, but "Your Honour"
* Reply directly to the other counsel's comment
* Prosecution starts, defence responds. You go back and forth until you have nothing more to say, or until I get bored and ask for a closing statement.

Let's do this!

*Troe bangs his gavel once.*

**Court in session!**

**u/kyrgrat08** (703 points)

get the tattoo

**u/anticommon** (653 points)

I'll allow it

**u/ComradeBurkina** (619 points)

Wow this looks like one of the biggest heists ever, 70,000 karma!

**u/anticommon** (404 points)

I object! 

*Clearly* one must understand the delicate balance of intrigue and delivery here in our great nation-state. For instance, if every promise was delivered upon, where would lie the excitement upon delivery? Who, pray tell, holds the expectation of delivery upon upvote? No, no, instead one can only be in expectance of a *chance* of delivery. This is the basis upon which Reddit karma has forever stood. Guaranteed delivery is not an inalienable right of the populace, and all posts inherently possess a defacto right to *deny* any and all claims or promises /u/Lordtuts comment history notwithstanding.

**u/AbbyRatsoLee** (404 points)

Should someone had initially downvoted the post and then upvoted when it was at 9,999 it would have immediately gone to 10,001. Is there any photographic proof that the post was ever at exactly 10,000 upvotes?

**u/Dino_Guy_II** (357 points)

You might pull a muscle grasping at all those straws, slow down!

When the word tomorrow is used, it is always implied that the day after the use of the word is meant.

You know the other side is losing when they're bringing /r/im14andthisisdeep logic into their comebacks

**u/IHateTheLetterF** (327 points)

Example: Someone downvotes the post to 0. 9999 other people upvote it. The original downvoter changes his vote to an upvote, giving the post 2 positive votes (One because it also looses a downvote).

**u/SweetLittleButtercup** (319 points)

All of us. They mean all of us. 

*cries*

**u/Tuggy_Tugboat** (309 points)

I object to your objection. There was an implied social contract. Without any incentive the rest of the reddit would not have participated in that sub reddit to the degree that they did. Not only did the accused exploit the native karma donors, he in fact bamboozled thousands of users to invest the time to upvote and possibly comment on other posts that were less worthy of tattooing on one's ass.

I would recommend that the user in question face the ultimate punishment. They must be banned from every NSFW subreddit and all those with pictures of cute animals.

**u/Will0saurus** (301 points)

Your Honour I wish to raise some pressing evidence in defence of /u/lordtuts. On the 16th December /u/iwasboredsoyeah raised the point that the wording of the post results in the conclusion that lordtuts is in fact not obliged to follow through with his promise. The evidence in question can be seen [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/5iites/me_irl/db8omwx/).

As duly pointed out, /u/lordtuts stated that he would tatoo whichever me_irl post receive the greatest number of upvotes *tomorrow*. Now if we look at the meaning of the word tomorrow, it becomes clear that the concept of 'tomorrow' never actually materialises itself in the real world, as we live only in the present, thus what was tomorrow becomes today. Therefore there will in fact never be a top me_irl post 'tomorrow'.

Had the acccused stated the exact date on whence he would take the top post from me_irl and duly bestow it upon his posterior, the prosecution would by all means have a cut and dry case of karma theft. Yet as it stands this is not the case and as such /u/lordtuts should be cleared of all charges.

**u/fajardo99** (287 points)

you ruined christmas

**u/CapRavOr** (277 points)

But watch yourself, McCoy...

**u/noPENGSinALASKA** (270 points)

Spez minutes

**u/thomkat5195** (253 points)

OR

you could get the damn tattoo.

**u/cornchev** (240 points)

Should /u/hanssssolo be tried as an accomplice? I personally do not believe she is guilty, but others are accusing her.
