# Taking u/BookerDeWittsCarbine to Court for Stealing my post and taking my Karma

**Sub:** r/KarmaCourt  
**Author:** u/dinoignacio  
**Score:** 4,027  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/66tj4d/taking_ubookerdewittscarbine_to_court_for/  

---

**CHARGES:**

Theft of an image and the adoration and awws of the good people of Reddit, Theft of over 40k karma, about 5 times the karma of the original (my post).


**EVIDENCE:**

[My Post](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/65wpje/my_daughter_dressed_as_jyn_erso_at_celebration)

[His Post](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/66s8zg/this_tiny_jyn_erso_went_to_the_star_wars/)

[Someone noticed his theft!](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/66s8zg/this_tiny_jyn_erso_went_to_the_star_wars/dgkwlp9/)

[Someone else noticed his theft!](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/66s8zg/this_tiny_jyn_erso_went_to_the_star_wars/dgkxvhg/)


**Please help me! I need the Karma to send my child to college.**


**Judge: u/deathslayer-pcmr-**

Prosecutor: u/John_Mica

Witness: u/2nd2last u/HopeSandoval u/BBFriendshipExpress 

Jury: u/RubyLover69 u/Hk_K22 

Random bystander: u/Hav3_Y0u_M3t_T3d

Village idiot: u/_insertpunhere_ u/villageidiot33

---

## Top Comments

**u/Wintersmith7** (1,230 points)

Not only did he steal your karma, he stole your child!

**u/dinoignacio** (1,015 points)

Halp!

**u/dinoignacio** (700 points)

Save my child. Save the galaxy.

**u/John_Mica** (552 points)

I can be your attorney. We're going to gut him like a fish, and take all of his updoots.

**u/dinoignacio** (385 points)

Thank you for your services.

**u/deathslayer-pcmr-** (347 points)

LET US BEGIN 
OFFICAL STARTING 
BANGS HAMMER 
(Jk I don't have a hammer because I broke ) 
Ok let us began. 


Since U/bookerdewittscarbon is the individual who has to prove his innocence, by law he is allowed to state his dissertation.  Paging u/bookerdewittscarbon and his lawyer.  Sir what do you have to say for yourself? Hello. My name is u/BookerDeWittsCarbine. I've never been to KarmaCourt so let me know if I'm doing this wrong. Edit here is bookerdewittscarbines response.   Paging u/dinoignacio respond please sir 
START QOUTE

To begin with, I would like to say a hearty "I'm sorry" to u/dinoignacio. 

I saw the image first on my social media, from io9 and Tor (two well known science fiction and fantasy websites). I thought the pictures were adorable and wanted to share them. I did a short search of r/pics to see if they had been posted before, but I was on mobile and the search was clearly not thorough enough. I did link to the Tor website (now downvoted and buried), to direct people to more pictures. I honestly didn't expect this to blow up so much. I'm a big Star Wars fan, so your pictures utterly delighted me. 

Again, I am truly sorry. Thank you.  

END QOUTE
THE RESPONSE 

START QOUTE
My child was stolen and sold for 40k Karma points.
I don't know how I will ever recover from this.
My wife is distraught and has lost all hope.
Your apology is meaningless. How do we explain this to my child?

END QOUTE


START QOUTE 
^^^Thanks. ^^^Again, incredible idea and great photography. I got all verklempt on the train when I saw them. ^^^Rogue One gave me all the feels, especially after Carrie's passing, so the idea of little Jyn Erso giving her the plans just felt... sort of healing? ^^^Thank you for that. 

my name is u/BookerDeWittsCarbine and I have... a lot of debts. I usually solve them by kidnapping people. I should really seek therapy or something. 

END QOUTE 
REAPONSE
ATART QOUTE
Now, your honor, this post was clearly done with malicious intent. The defendant gave no implication that they were not the person in the photograph, nor did they credit the original post. Such cruelty must be scarring to a young child, knowing that someone is going around, masquerading as the Leia that received the plans. And what nerve the defendant has! Reposting only days after the original, and in the *same subreddit,* no less. Now, your honor, I might just be a simple caveman lawyer, but I know that a good, innocent person would not contribute such trauma to a parent and child.
END QOUTE
U/bookerdewittscarbon would you like to bring Anyone for questioning at this time? 

EDIT PAGING U/2nd2last YOU HAVE BEEN REQUESTED TO ANSWER QUESTIONS FOR u/john_mica and his client.   
Edit sorry pal you took to long to respond.  OK  BOTH U/bookerdewittscarbines and u/john_mica and u/dinoignacio please state your finishing thoughts as we wind up this case. I'm tired and I need to do some meth and go scream at children so let's finish up 
EDIT U/john_mica RESPONSE 
START QOUTE 
Finishing argument:

Throughout this case, the defendant has shown a series of irrational actions, ranging from crying over mere memories, a bizarre act, to not providing sources in a neat, presentable manner. He is the worst kind of criminal; the kind that would steal a child for 40k updoots! To be allowed to get away with something so immoral is an INJUSTICE! 
#AN INJUSTICE, I SAY!
The defendant has continuously shown manipulation through irrelevant stories regarding his childhood and war memories.
This vermin is a cold and calculating fiend, and their posts deserve to rest at 0 karma.


END QOUTE 





U/Bookerdewittscarbines please state your finishing thoughts. 
Start QOUTE
Yes, thank you, your honor. 

I have apologized to u/dinoignacio. Also, if anyone wishes to check out my reddit history, I have nearly two years worth of good reddit commenting and posting that shows I am not an opportunistic karma whore. I made a mistake and I will do better due diligence in the future. 
End QOUTE.  



I shall present my personal opinion as judge of this case.   From the evidence that I have seen and from what has been stated i can firmly state that on 4/21/17,  u/bookerdeewittscarbine has been declared GUILTY ( cue some black person saying oh no oh didn't , some crying, shock  and cheers).  He is guilty for lying, stealing precious karma, stealing from a little girl and manipulating the jury.   From what I have seen this is not his first offense.  He does, however have mental problems so I will shorten his sentence to 1 year probation from pics and probation for 4 years ,if you are found guilty again I will bring you to karma court myself.   You have been warned.  COURT DISMISSED.

**u/Wintersmith7** (342 points)

I have but one upvote to give.

**u/dinoignacio** (306 points)

^^^Thanks ^^^man. ^^^Honestly ^^^it's ^^^a ^^^non ^^^issue. ^^^Thank ^^^you ^^^for ^^^sharing.
^^^I'm ^^^glad ^^^people ^^^saw ^^^the ^^^photo ^^^and ^^^brought ^^^them ^^^joy.

But for satire's sake:
My child was stolen and sold for 40k Karma points.
I don't know how I will ever recover from this.
My wife is distraught and has lost all hope.
Your apology is meaningless. How do we explain this to my child?

**u/BookerDeWittsCarbine** (238 points)

Hello. My name is u/BookerDeWittsCarbine. I've never been to KarmaCourt so let me know if I'm doing this wrong. 

To begin with, I would like to say a hearty "I'm sorry" to u/dinoignacio. I don't mean this in satire. I am incredibly sorry for posting your wonderful and heartfelt picture without correct attribution. Your family looks awesome and your Death Star plans tablet is incredible. 

I saw the image first on my social media, from io9 and Tor (two well known science fiction and fantasy websites). I thought the pictures were adorable and wanted to share them. I did a short search of r/pics to see if they had been posted before, but I was on mobile and the search was clearly not thorough enough. I did link to the Tor website (now downvoted and buried), to direct people to more pictures. I honestly didn't expect this to blow up so much. I'm a big Star Wars fan, so your pictures utterly delighted me. 

Again, I am truly sorry. Thank you.

**u/Bloodysamflint** (207 points)

Bring us the girl, wipe away the debt...

**u/BookerDeWittsCarbine** (176 points)

^^^Thanks. ^^^Again, ^^^incredible ^^^idea ^^^and ^^^great ^^^photography. ^^^I ^^^got ^^^all ^^^verklempt ^^^on ^^^the ^^^train ^^^when ^^^I ^^^saw ^^^them. ^^^Rogue ^^^One ^^^gave ^^^me ^^^all ^^^the ^^^feels, ^^^especially ^^^after ^^^Carrie's ^^^passing, ^^^so ^^^the ^^^idea ^^^of ^^^little ^^^Jyn ^^^Erso ^^^giving ^^^her ^^^the ^^^plans ^^^just ^^^felt... ^^^sort ^^^of ^^^healing? ^^^Thank ^^^you ^^^for ^^^that. 

But, for the sake of satire, my name is u/BookerDeWittsCarbine and I have... a lot of debts. I usually solve them by kidnapping people. I should really seek therapy or something.

**u/dinoignacio** (104 points)

Woohoo!

**u/John_Mica** (99 points)

Your honor, this person is clearly mentally disturbed! This is not the kind of person who should be out on r/pics, lurking around, grabbing whatever children they see!

**u/Hav3_Y0u_M3t_T3d** (90 points)

As the owner of a Booker DeWitt POP! Figure and avid Bioshock fan I volunteer as blatantly biased bystander/heckler

**u/AnonymousBigmouth** (80 points)

Bring us the girl, wipe away the reposts...

**u/dinoignacio** (79 points)

He probably owns a windowless van.

**u/BookerDeWittsCarbine** (75 points)

I don't remember much of my childhood. I fought at Wounded Knee and, in one reality, became a demented preacher bent on world dominion of a city floating in the sky. In my reality, I became a drunk detective. 

So, I mean, probably like kidnapped for... at least a few grand in karma, right?

**u/dinoignacio** (71 points)

Bias away good sir.

**u/John_Mica** (69 points)

Now we wait.

**u/deathslayer-pcmr-** (65 points)

UPVOTE THIS IF YOU THINK U/bookerdewittscarbines is guilty

**u/DrBaby** (62 points)

So, u/BookerDeWittsCarbine were you yourself kidnapped for Reddit karma as a child? For how much karma exactly?

**u/Bloodysamflint** (58 points)

Bring us the girl, wipe away the debt...

**u/John_Mica** (55 points)

We did it! We got them updoots!

**u/yomerol** (55 points)

Are we still waiting?

**u/John_Mica** (51 points)

Are you in the right sub?
