# u/ShadyBaby22 VS. u/FearfulBlank For Grand Theft and Identity Theft

**Sub:** r/KarmaCourt  
**Author:** u/shadybaby22  
**Score:** 3,541  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/95cwd6/ushadybaby22_vs_ufearfulblank_for_grand_theft_and/  

---

What Happened:
/u/fearfulblank copied my, /u/shadybaby22, post from January 2, 2018, of a selfie I took when I was the only passenger on the plane. 

This was my most successful post and, as a selfie, which I conducted interviews about giving my full name, I'm especially sensitive to how this photo is used. 

Up until I posted this no one in my real life knew my Reddit account and I took the risk of being identified by posting myself and I considered it worth the risk once I saw the joy my story brought to others. Now I'm, sadly, regretting one of the most exciting things to ever happen to me. 

Help me find justice!


[CHARGES]: Identity theft for the use of my face, claiming it was theirs. Grand Theft for stealing a high-karma post (139K before being archived a month ago) in an attempt to bamboozle new users into upvoting.  


[EVIDENCE]: My original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/comments/7nn7j4/i_got_a_whole_plane_to_myself_when_i_was/
/u/fearfulblank post: 

https://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/comments/95boqu/i_got_a_whole_plane_to_myself_when_i_was/

My post on /r/mildlyinfuriating pointing out the fraud (thanks to u/splettnet for introducing me to /r/KarmaCourt) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinfuriating/comments/95cefu/someone_reposted_my_face_for_karma/

---

## Top Comments

**u/Schwarzekekker** (767 points)

/u/ToxicPilot, /u/ItsMrMuggles , /u/ShadyBaby22 : case closed as defendant has chosen the coward's way out by deleting his own account.

Justice is served !

**u/ToxicPilot** (724 points)

Thank you, Your Honor. ladies and gentlemen of /r/KarmaCourt, today we see a blatant case of stolen karma too brazen to put into words. Just after ringing in the new-year, our plaintiff, /u/ShadyBaby22
, posted a photo of herself as the lone passenger of a commercial aircraft to the somewhat interesting sub /r/mildlyinteresting. Little did she know at the time, her photo would be shamelessly stolen and used by the defendant, /u/FearfulBlank for his/her undeserved gain! Not only did the defendant repost the image, he/she claimed THEY were the subject of the photograph! Any civilized society cannot tolerate this tomfoolery and brazen disrespect for the rule of Karma. It is for this reason, that the prosecutor is charging the defendant with the following counts:

1 - First degree bamboozlement, for attempting to deceive the users

2 - First degree karmawhoring, for using a photo that is OBVIOUSLY not him/her and passing it off as their own

3 - First degree grand theft identity. Identity theft is not a joke, Jim.

Your honor, the prosecution rests for the defense /u/ItsMrMuggles

Edit: a letter.

**u/shadybaby22** (703 points)

Too bad it didn't go all the way but happy this creep/bot is off the site and that Reddit is a place where OC is protected by the law and people with pitchforks!

**u/Schwarzekekker** (429 points)

#####TRIAL THREAD
Enter Judge

All rise! Docket Number S3ND80085, /u/shadybaby22, represented by /u/ToxicPilot vs. /u/FearfulBlank, defended by /u/ItsMrMuggles - judge u/Schwarzekekker presiding.

Let's do this the easy way:

• ⁠Prosecution opening statement

• ⁠Defence opening statement

• ⁠Prosecution Evidence Presentation

• ⁠Defence Evidence Presentation

• ⁠Rebuttals

• ⁠Prosecution closing statement

• ⁠Defense closing statement

• ⁠Sentencing

/u/ToxicPilot the floor is yours, begin!

**u/Vexxer232** (378 points)

Its been 25 minutes! Is the defense sleeping?
Edit: its now 41 minutes. Fuck.

**u/pagem4** (375 points)

u/fearfulblank seems to have deleted their account! Will this affect the case?

**u/Scyther1923** (359 points)

Can I be the crazy guy who sells pitchforks outside?

**u/is24enough** (297 points)

I'm fearful that this criminal is lurking around under a new alias, be on your best guard !

**u/shadybaby22** (240 points)

Always

**u/shadybaby22** (222 points)

Saying they're my sister??? My sister hates reddit and me! She wouldn't admit to knowing me

**u/shadybaby22** (192 points)

Think I found their new username
https://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/comments/95evnq/my_sister_got_a_whole_plane_booked_to_herself/

**u/ToxicPilot** (159 points)

We have ourselves a COPYCAT KARMAWHORE!!

**u/itsmrmuggles** (126 points)

I am happy to volunteer as the defense.
I will represent u/fearfulblank in this matter.
As my first ever case in front of the Karma Court, I look forward to this inevitable loss!

**u/Freewander10** (94 points)

I'll be the hotdog salesman blocking the entrance.  

Edit: why is this bot?

**u/Drewzamp11** (85 points)

I’ll be reporting on this case. I burst into the room backwards still buttoning up my shirt and tying my tie before I sit down on a bench and pull out my notepad and pen.

**u/itsmrmuggles** (84 points)

Clearly my client, who may or may not be a legally official missing person, had actually BELIEVED that they were indeed /u/Shadybaby22. 

Your honor, members of the jury, and pitchfork salesmen... the defendant is not guilty of any form of bamboozlement because they truly believed that they WERE this woman seen sitting alone on the plane. Therefore, there is no deception. 

*notices shoe is untied. Takes two minutes to tie it due to greasy pretzel fingers and the laces being too short*

Why would my client believe that they are actually /u/shadybaby22? Well let me ask you something... is it possible that /u/shadybaby22 and /u/fearfulblank are one in the same? Have you ever seen them both online at the same time? Isn't it a little convienent that my client suddenly disappears?

You can not charge yourself in karma court. For this reason. I ask that the case be dismissed due to the fact that both posts clearly state that THEY (the OPs) are the person shown in the image.

*very quietly* ...Thank you.

**u/PastyDeath** (79 points)

Bad bot. What the fuck else would he mean

**u/ToxicPilot** (73 points)

Hell nah... I'll prosecute deleted accounts.

**u/itsmrmuggles** (69 points)

*walks in 4 hours late with mustard stains on what is clearly my grandfather's suit*

I would like to apologize to the court, I was looking for my client. I did find a great pretzel stand run by a man named Amir.

**u/misterfluffykitty** (64 points)

Can I be the guy who brings a small army of cats

**u/PastyDeath** (59 points)

You comfortable to do this right? My 'dis gon' be huge' sense is tingling and I don't see any history of you in the courts here 

If you can handle this like a KC judge, and be unbias about it, go for it- otherwise I would start with smaller fish

**u/voicesinmyhand** (58 points)

Now they're redoing it as ["my estranged aunt".](https://np.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/comments/95gord/my_estranged_aunt_booked_a_flight_all_to_herself/)

Do you have any estranged nephews or nieces?

**u/Professor_Doodles** (55 points)

Absolutely savage! 

I'm making a run down to r/pitchforkemporium and then probably the liquor store, anyone want anything?
