# Promises to buy sun and moon

**Sub:** r/KarmaCourt  
**Author:** u/appa311  
**Score:** 3,099  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/5acvbh/promises_to_buy_sun_and_moon/  

---

https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5ac0p2/if_i_get_100_upvotes_ill_buy_everyone_who_upvotes/?st=1Z141Z3&amp;sh=640a06f6

This user promised to buy everyone sun and moon if they up voted then backed out 
Therefore they shall be tried in karma court

U/mrtittyfingers is the judge
U/chromaticfinish is the special prosecutor 
U/passingthroughrider is the defendant

Edit- I have reached third in top of r/karmacourt with this shitty post I spent two minutes on using my phone among a bunch of 1000 word essays that link proper arguments and evidence let that show you that life doesn't reward the people who work it rewards the shitposters amen

---

## Top Comments

**u/MrTittyFingers** (479 points)

The Court requires the defendant to show within the next 5 hours that he is indeed rich or we will proceed with charges. If OP is truly rich then he will be able to deliver and charges will be dropped.

**u/PassingThroughRider** (387 points)

I am rich in memes

**u/MrTittyFingers** (342 points)

I will preside over this case as judge. Mark it. I call in /u/chromaticfinish as a special prosecutor to the case appointed by the courts!

***BANGS GAVEL***

**u/elitepenguin4** (276 points)

I will be the prosecutor. 

I WANT MY COPY OF MOON TO GO WITH MY COPY OF SUN FFS. 

EDIT: ~~Woohoo! Top comment!~~ Never mind, just Relay putting my comment at the top. :(

Hey, at least this is my GOAT comment! Thanks Reddit!

**u/TheFapIsUp** (224 points)

Probably too late to the party but [here he is admitting its a shitpost](http://i.imgur.com/Q4kAJVl.png) in his [AMA](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5abyzo/im_a_pokemon_fan_ama/d9fdt70/)

**u/MrTittyFingers** (151 points)

Normally we provide evidence in these courts to such claims!

Can you buy video games with memes? 

If so, are your memes good enough for 20000 people?

**u/ChromaticFinish** (113 points)

Present! I will be taking a closer look at the evidence while the timer ticks down on OP.

**u/Mockturne** (109 points)

I'm a mod at /r/pokemon and I'm an Ace Attorney.  The Vermilion City Public Defenders Office offers their assistance to the court.

**u/TheSuperSeanyo** (107 points)

you betrade us

**u/MrTittyFingers** (106 points)

Not good enough. I need facts, witnesses, screen shots of your bank account, social security #, etc.

**u/MrTittyFingers** (105 points)

You are always welcome at Judge Fingers' party, and by extension, at /r/KarmaCourt! Enjoy your stay!

***batteries and accessories sold separately***

***this coupon is non-transferable and only accepted on days that end in "Y"***

**u/VanillaSkyHawk** (96 points)

#I WANT MY SUN AND MOON

**u/elitepenguin4** (95 points)

I would also like to bring /u/ZRMaster to this case as a defendant on an incident of a similar nature based on this case. He has promised to buy everyone that upvotes him a copy of Pokémon Red and Blue. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5ac0p2/slug/d9fbw2t

**u/xcalibre** (93 points)

#GAVEL GAVEL GAVEL

#ORDER IN THE COURT

**u/MrTittyFingers** (90 points)

Work with /u/chromaticfinish, the special prosecutor I've appointed to the case. It's a CLASS ACTION suite filed for 20,000 users so he'll need all the help he can get. Are you willing to testify as a witness?

**u/theverb2764** (76 points)

The date was Monday, October 31st, 2016, a crisp Halloween morning. The time was approximately 10:30am, and I was sitting in my Music History class not paying attention the the lecture on Symphonic Poem's by Liszt and Strauss and instead browsing the glorious shitposts that had taken over the Pokemon subreddit. I came upon the post originally promising copies of Sun and Moon to all those who upvoted it, a post I had previously seen, and upvoted/commented on, just in case OP was serious in his generous offering. I then proceeded to scroll through the top comments, and came upon the aforementioned promise from the user ZRMaster. Not wanting to be left out of even more free stuff, I upvoted and commented on his comment as well. Around 10:45am, I noticed that I had a message in my reddit inbox, and checking it, I found that /u/ZRMaster had replied to my comment, and upon checking his comment history, only my comment. I then replied saying that "Those who live by the meme, often die by the meme." I then returned to paying attention to the lecture.

**u/jaksida** (72 points)

Present, sir.

**u/Expleto** (72 points)

My client /u/passingthroughrider, pleads not-guilty your honor. This decision was reached without communication from the client and is on his council's representation.

**u/QQoL** (71 points)

#FUCK YOU. DOWNVOTE

**u/SgvSth** (67 points)

Apparently the case will be suspended for 5 hours so that OP can attempt to deliver the currently non-existent games to 11,000 users.

Either way, as a witness as well, I would like to ask if you could explain to the Judge the current state of /r/Pokemon.

**u/SgvSth** (61 points)

As a witness, I would like to call /u/jaksida to be a special witness.

**u/ChromaticFinish** (60 points)

Good evening, Monsieur Titty, and thank you for presiding so justly over this unjust event. 

We the people of Reddit.com are filing suit against /u/passingthroughrider. His charges of lying, contempt of court, and getting-my-hopes-up are extremely serious. 

In the coming posts we will see undeniable proof of OP's ruthless shitposting. I have screenshots proving A) that the defendant is not rich and B) that the defendant never intended to follow through on his offer. 

My expert witness will present his estimates for damage done to the general populace.
