# People of Reddit vs. The Mods of /r/WorldNews

**Sub:** r/KarmaCourt  
**Author:** u/DOPE_AS_FUCK_COOK  
**Score:** 2,976  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/1cf296/people_of_reddit_vs_the_mods_of_rworldnews/  

---

**THE CHARGES PRESIDE!**

**1. Felony Pointless Rulery**

**2. Fuckwiticism of the First Degree.**

**3. First Degree Unreqquited Douchbaggery**

**4. Felony Misrepresentation of Spam/Ham**

**5. and Grand Theft.jpg just for the fuck of it**

**6. Felony Electronic Jackassery**

**7. Incomprehensible Lack of Common Sense in the First Degree**

**8. Misdemeanor Disregard of Common Courtesy**


Welcome People of Reddit (And the 3,540 damn commies so far who have downvoted this.)

Our Judge presiding will be /u/MrFace1

* No further production of this case will be moved until **Wednesday April 17th** to give downtime for the families &amp; friends of ours in Boston who are currently experiencing this tragedy. Our thoughts are with you.

* No Charges will be filed at this time until the proceeding date listed above, the charges will be decided by our fellow peers in the comments below, those upvoted the highest will obviously be our lead charges heading into prosecution.

* Someone who thinks they are brave enough is still needed to represent the defendant in this case.

* Please follow these subs below since the mods of /r/worldnews are douches, also please note that no one is currently sure **which mods were present for today's ultimate douchebaggery** We expect the mods who were present and did the deleting to be present and address the court.

* The Subs I would suggest to follow are

1. /r/news
2. /r/boston
3. /r/murica

Thank you.

**EDIT 10PM EST:** Alright everyone I have been reading everyone's comments as they have been pouring in and these are the following rules that will be enacted.

* A jury will be selected Wednesday as several people have requested to be jurors and we will have to decide on a set number of them

* several people have requested to be the defense's attorney, the defense will have say on who they would like to represent them, following approval from our judge(s)

* Due to the large scale of this case we will have 3 judges to provide a fair unbiased trial and make sure all ground is covered

* The actual case will be held in a different thread that only the users in representation of the case will be able to comment on

* lastly do not downvote or attack the /r/worldnews mods. It may have not been all of them and I would like to place the pitchfork and torch to em' all too after today but we are a justly community, amirite?

Good luck to our Boston family and we hope all is well for you and look forward to speedy recoveries and we mourn our losses today, and for everyones sake, around the world. Because as we all know shits getting real everywhere all the time and we just don't hear about it until it strikes home. Thank you.

**EDIT 1:30PM 4/16 EST:** The mods of /r/worldnews have been summoned and the accuse's have been asked to step forward for trial.

* **OUR JUDGES**

1. /u/MrFace1
2. /u/Conquerer 
3. /u/TheAtomicPlayboy

* **OUR JURORS**

1. /u/ThaBomb
2. /u/ZombieLoveChild
3. /u/Oracle712
4. /u/zakyman5
5. /u/ThatGavinFellow

* **OUR DEFENDANT'S ATTORNEY**

1. /u/stabulosity
2. Co Chair /u/ickler

EDIT: Congratulations on making this the largest Case Karma Court has seen in it's existence.

---

## Top Comments

**u/TheAtomicPlayboy** (2,004 points)

/r/WorldNews

Where Kim Jong Un's bowel movements are more important than terrorist attacks on international sporting events.

**u/warox13** (974 points)

&gt;Over 100 people are dead or injured at a multi-national event via a terrorist attack? That's definitely world news, let's get on it... wait what? It was in America? Delete it and never talk about it again. Norway is building a tunnel for ships? Front Page that shit

-/r/worldnews mods

**u/MrFace1** (779 points)

YES.

A BIG CASE. 

I'll preside over this one. I haven't been around in awhile.

**u/JewBoySandler** (549 points)

Hey! But Kim Jong Un said he was gonna do it for *real* this time. He swears. *Really.*

**u/DOPE_AS_FUCK_COOK** (504 points)

That's pretty cool...

**u/joetromboni** (391 points)

GUILTY ! Hang the mods !

**u/Conanator** (361 points)

Wait, a tunnel for ships? Where can I find that?

**u/DOPE_AS_FUCK_COOK** (343 points)

No one has triple dog dared him yet is the problem.

**u/MrFace1** (285 points)

This case will not begin until Wednesday of this week. I'm sure many of the people here are from, or have family from, Boston and would like to ensure everyone is safe. I'd also like to put this off in respect for the victims of the bombing.

**u/warox13** (268 points)

http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1cdxdh/norway_to_build_first_ever_tunnel_for_ships/

**u/darthstupidious** (250 points)

Fuckwiticism of the first degree.

**u/Microsoftt** (209 points)

I'd almost say it's dope as fuck.

**u/Microsoftt** (197 points)

Yeah, sure. I just think its stupid how any American news isnt considered "World" news. 

Last time I checked, America was located on planet Earth.

Edit: http://redd.it/1cf313

**u/DOPE_AS_FUCK_COOK** (197 points)

Thank you MrFace1

I suggest we not move forward with this case until all of this mess in Boston has cleared up and we know our fellows are okay.

Once all this has passed over, all of us enraged redditors will continue with the case.

**u/Boycat89** (194 points)

Can we have a poll/ vote to remove these mods please?

**u/papasmurf31** (191 points)

Stay on target Plaintiff

**u/jweeee** (187 points)

Quick and simple, I like your style

**u/ZombieLoveChild** (170 points)

What charges have been pressed against the accused?

EDIT: When it comes time, if possible, I'd  like to volunteer to be a juror in this case.

**u/Microsoftt** (168 points)

Are we talking about him launching a missile or his bowel movements? 

Is he really *that* close to finally taking a shit?

**u/MrFace1** (163 points)

I agree. I've got a lot of family in Boston I need to talk to.

**u/killswithspoon** (143 points)

It would make as much sense as a bomb going off at the Olympics not being covered just becuase the Games are held on US soil.

**u/ajanata** (143 points)

The problem with that logic is that the Boston Marathon is most certainly an international event.

**u/chumbawumbaah** (132 points)

Because they ate all the dogs for dinner

**u/Very_Bored_Redditor** (122 points)

I hearby declare that the mods of /R/Worldnews are scoundrals and  cads!
