# Mr. Titt Y. Fingers V. FCC for attempting to ruin the internet.

**Sub:** r/KarmaCourt  
**Author:** u/MrTittyFingers  
**Score:** 2,716  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/7el5ee/mr_titt_y_fingers_v_fcc_for_attempting_to_ruin/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/MrTittyFingers** (272 points)

ruining internet = ruining reddit = ruining this sub

don't let that happen.


Edit: report it as spam as much as you want bitches, it aint coming down

**u/PerennialPhilosopher** (172 points)

I'll start the petition! Sign here please!

**u/MrTittyFingers** (131 points)

i don't sign anything without a lawyer present

**u/PerennialPhilosopher** (97 points)

Fair enough. Good thing I'm a lawyer*

**u/MrTittyFingers** (80 points)

in that case id like you to be my lawyer.

sign here and ill be your client: https://www.battleforthenet.com/?utm_source=AN&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_campaign=BFTNCallTool&amp;utm_content=voteannouncement&amp;ref=fftf_fftfan1120_30&amp;link_id=0&amp;can_id=185bf77ffd26b044bcbf9d7fadbab34e&amp;email_referrer=email_265020&amp;email_subject=net-neutrality-dies-in-one-month-unless-we-stop-it

**u/PerennialPhilosopher** (63 points)

Excellent! But I'll have you know that I don't sign anything without my lawyer present.

**u/MrTittyFingers** (54 points)

No way, I happen to have passed the bar! If you provide me the papers, I’ll be your lawyer!

**u/MrTittyFingers** (31 points)

You can use this site

https://www.battleforthenet.com

or this one

https://www.savetheinternet.com

to learn about what the battle for net neutrality is about and how you can help by calling your local representatives or putting up a banner to spread the word if you have a site etc. 

For those inside the United States:

You can text "RESIST" to 50409 to talk to a bot that will send a fax to represenatives with what you tell it to. Its best to write something you've  come up with yourself as it shows more commitment to the cause but if you can't, this is a common copy and paste letter I've seen on Reddit that you can use: 

" Net Neutrality is the cornerstone of innovation, free speech and democracy on the Internet.

Control over the Internet should remain in the hands of the people who use it every day. The ability to share information without impediment is critical to the progression of technology, science, small business, and culture. 

Please stand with the public by protecting Net Neutrality once and for all. "


For those of you outside the United States who want to help prevent this from happening here and potentially being adopted by other countries in the future:

you can use this site

https://www.savetheinternet.com

to sign a petition and help. If you don't know what to say, you can use the quoted section above. 

If you want to help more, you can spread these links to educate people about what net neutrality is and what they  can do to help save  it. Any and all help will make our chances of saving net neutrality higher and thank you in advance for helping!

**u/10111001110** (26 points)

I don't swear anything without my lawyer present

**u/TheKingElessar** (26 points)

If ya don’t like it, leave.

**u/unscsnip3r** (25 points)

Judge here. FCC are guilty and are cucks. Next case.

**u/[deleted]** (24 points)

I volunteer as the angry mob.

Qualifications: I have my own pitchfork

**u/crasher925** (21 points)

I swear I’ve heard a song about this...

**u/PitchforkEmporium** (20 points)

For net neutrality pitchforks are free

**u/MrTittyFingers** (19 points)

Well i couldnt disagree more, reddit is life

I like living

**u/dabockster** (18 points)

/r/madlads

**u/MrTittyFingers** (17 points)

Net Neutrality

It is important to all

But i am more so

**u/JaSon_iS_ReJeKz** (16 points)

Good thing I’m a lawyer! I’ll represent you. Go ahead and swear in it looks clear.

**u/MrTittyFingers** (16 points)

I thought Titt Y. Fingers would look more professional

**u/kcbarexam** (14 points)

**Upvote if you think the defendant is GUILTY:** #&amp;#009;####&amp;#009;		#&amp;#009;#&amp;#009;#&amp;#009;

**u/snazztasticmatt** (13 points)

More like 67,989 GOTTEM

**u/MrTittyFingers** (13 points)

Here the link to swear in as his lawyer

https://www.battleforthenet.com/?utm_source=AN&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_campaign=BFTNCallTool&amp;utm_content=voteannouncement&amp;ref=fftf_fftfan1120_30&amp;link_id=0&amp;can_id=185bf77ffd26b044bcbf9d7fadbab34e&amp;email_referrer=email_265020&amp;email_subject=net-neutrality-dies-in-one-month-unless-we-stop-it

**u/MrTittyFingers** (13 points)

What are you even 

trying to do? you damn swine!

 Ruined my haiku!

**u/teemodidntdieforthis** (12 points)

Credit to u/datums for this comment:

FYI - Congress and the Senate have nothing to do with this. Only five people at the FCC get to vote.
  
[Here they are](https://www.fcc.gov/about/leadership). The three men plan to vote to repeal net neutrality. The two women plan to vote to keep net neutrality. 
  
Their individual contact information can be found under "Bio".  
  
To defeat the net neutrality repeal, one of those three men has to change their vote.

**u/DeeSnow97** (11 points)

Paging /u/pitchforkemporium, the current pitchfork owners may not be enough
