# /r/place VS. Kuro_Pi For Receiving Gold and 13k Karma for a Bamboozle, claimed that Mods has promised the canvas would be expanded with 10k

**Sub:** r/KarmaCourt  
**Author:** u/Maxbrazier  
**Score:** 2,519  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/632z2s/rplace_vs_kuro_pi_for_receiving_gold_and_13k/  

---

What Happened:

/u/Kuro_Pi posted a thread in /r/place, entitled "Expand the canvas? [MOD APPROVED].  He knew that as many users in /r/place had been pleading to the Mods to expand the canvas,  the post would be upvoted, despite the fact that it was not Mod approved. His deliberate lying has gotten the post 13k karma and two Reddit gold. We know that it is not Mod Apprioved as /u/liltrixxy, a mod, has confirmed it was a bamboozle and the Mods did not approve. He has since admitted to his crime, but has not deleted the thread and it continues to gain karma.

Charges: 

- Douchebaggery
- LiarLiarPantsOnFire.zip
- OhShit.exe
- Fucking Lying Man



Evidence:

 [The original thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/place/comments/6324vl/expand_the_canvas_mod_approved/?utm_content=title&amp;utm_medium=front&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=place)


[/u/LilTrixxy's comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/place/comments/6324vl/expand_the_canvas_mod_approved/dfqthay/)

Members of this Trial:

Jury: /u/RDSparkle, /u/UndevelopedImage, /u/Jacetherantman, /u/Zackanator, /u/optional_eel

Prosecutor: /u/towhead22

Defense: /u/Lamshoo

Judge: /u/spermface

Bartender: /u/Mathematical_DovaH

I'm new to this, but I think we are all set and the case may proceed.

EDIT: wow ok this is blowing up #justice4ourupvotes

---

## Top Comments

**u/Rigel-tones** (812 points)

This is an appalling case of Bamboozlement, and as an innocent bamboozlee I demand this user be brought to justice and my poor upvote returned!

**u/Kuro_Pi** (640 points)

I, uh... Plead self-defense?

**u/Ralphygaming_YT** (554 points)

Damn it man, we haven't come here to make sense of things

**u/Kuro_Pi** (375 points)

Haha someone gave me another gold

**u/Kuro_Pi** (354 points)

Also, I only got 5.7k karma, so you're off a bit there

**u/straydog1980** (300 points)

You know you can uh... take back your upvote right?

**u/Maxbrazier** (284 points)

Added to the case.

**u/corvusplendens** (264 points)

"only"

**u/sugardaddy_duncan** (263 points)

I'll be the old lady on the second floor balcony who gasps more than needed.

**u/undercover_moose** (216 points)

I'm a simple man, I live a simple life. Every day I get up in the morning and browse reddit, just like my father before me. He worked himself to death earning karma, that poor man. When he died he entrusted to me his only possesion, his beloved karma. As he lay on his deathbed he told me, "Son, beware bamboozles, the world is thick with them."

For years I've been wary of bamboozles. But never have I fallen for one, always keeping my father's words at heart. Until today. My father's legacy, all that he had, it's all gone.

I demand justice for these crimes against humanity. I can only hope the court sees it done.

**u/Lamshoo** (185 points)

I will represent the defense.

**u/Continuum_Transfunk** (179 points)

I will represent /u/Lamshoo who is representing the defense.

**u/______DEADPOOL______** (165 points)

#**HANG HIM**

D:

Proposal to bypass due process and move direct to sentencing!

EDIT: Forget this. LET ME SHOOT 'EM RIGHT HERE RIGHT NOW!!!

*pulls out shotgun*

**u/wlcm2nv** (120 points)

Username suggests you are not, in fact a simple "man" at all!

BAMBOOZLER

**u/Releasedahoundz** (103 points)

I will represent /u/Continuum_Transfunk who is representing the defense's representator.

**u/Zoorve** (100 points)

My whole family got heckin bamboozled because of him. We demand JUSTICE!

**u/undercover_moose** (99 points)

Oh shit

**u/Maxbrazier** (95 points)

Sorry about that. I have changed it to upvotes instead of karma. You see, I have never received that many upvotes so quickly, as I don't bamboozle innocent redditors.

**u/OtterInAustin** (89 points)

This woman has over-gasped!

**u/sugardaddy_duncan** (88 points)

*gasp*

**u/Kuro_Pi** (83 points)

lolllll

**u/OtterInAustin** (80 points)

Stop doing the prosecution's work for them!

**u/sugardaddy_duncan** (78 points)

*gasp*

**u/sugardaddy_duncan** (78 points)

*gasp*

**u/DrambleReddit** (76 points)

'Ill Gotten Gains' for sure. Throw the book at 'em.
