# /u/hauntedbypaul VS. /u/rkniepmann for First Degree Bamboozling And Misdemeanor Not Naming His Kid After Thanos

**Sub:** r/KarmaCourt  
**Author:** u/hauntedbypaul  
**Score:** 2,368  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/8xhou6/uhauntedbypaul_vs_urkniepmann_for_first_degree/  

---

Good people of /r/karmacourt, thank you for taking the time to read through my case. Earlier today, on the subreddit /r/thanosdidnothingwrong, one /u/rkniepmann claimed that if his [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/thanosdidnothingwrong/comments/8xe98j/my_first_newborn_is_expected_tonight_if_this_gets/) got over ten thousand upvotes, he would name his firstborn child Thanos. Approximately one hour after it was posted, and long before it hit the requisite number of upvotes, I [posted in response](https://www.reddit.com/r/thanosdidnothingwrong/comments/8xe98j/my_first_newborn_is_expected_tonight_if_this_gets/e22ol8e/) saying that anything short of a birth certificate being produced would result in my pressing charges. He has now updated the post to say that his girlfriend flat out said no to the idea, revealing that he had no real plans to follow through, as the idea had not been discussed with his significant other beforehand. 

I consider shitposting to be an artform. I think that there is no point in coming up with an elaborate joke only to fail to follow through at the last minute. I hope the court hears my case and that a team can be assembled for the trial in short order, as most of the people involved could be snapped out of existence on the subreddit in question at any minute.

**[Trial Thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/8xhou6/uhauntedbypaul_vs_urkniepmann_for_first_degree/e23ma65/)**

**[Sketch Artist's Gallery](https://imgur.com/a/imoYRS4)**

**[CHARGES]:**

First Degree Bamboozling

Misdemeanor Not Naming His Kid After Thanos

Aggravated Not Committing To The Bit

Grand Theft Karma

**[EVIDENCE]:**

All relevant evidence is contained in the first link to his original post, where he has admitted to failing to follow through. I demand either a swift sentencing or that he at least make his kid's middle name Thanos or at the very least Gamora as an acceptable settlement.

**[CASE PERSONNEL]**

/u/Mcsadia: Judge

/u/killer_whale1984: Prosecutor

/u/Bonedragonwillrise: Defense Attorney

/u/twicedouble: Sketch Artist

/u/Shamrock5: Juror

/u/I_Palm_Trees_AMA: Juror

/u/Letrix_: Juror

/u/The7footr: Juror

/u/Just_another_nerd4: Expert Witness In Thanos Related Matters

---

## Top Comments

**u/holocaustic_soda** (1,369 points)

Cut the baby in half

Ban one half from /r/thanosdidnothingwrong

Don't ban the other half

Perfectly balanced

**u/LordOfTehGames** (855 points)

What the fuck? This sub exists? 

Sorry, I mean 

⊂༼ ◕_ ◕ ༽つ WHERE BAN ⊂༼ ◕_ ◕ ༽つ

**u/twicedouble** (354 points)

I would like to serve as the sketch artist.

**u/Mr_Dnxsty** (286 points)

As all things should be.

**u/furiousfox12** (215 points)

If I may declare, I believe that op should be charged with negligence, as he failed to check with his girlfriend before posting said promise. As with most cases this isn't black and white, but regardless of whether or not he had intent to bamboozle, there is no doubt he is guilty of all the above charges in my opinion

**u/hauntedbypaul** (203 points)

Sir, this is a society, he has a right to a fair trial.

**u/ThesAndman6672** (202 points)

This sub has some good shit on it.

**u/hauntedbypaul** (181 points)

Seems reasonable to me, I'll edit you into the post.

**u/Spectator_96** (168 points)

Can I judge?? I FIND HIM GUILTY!

**u/youwillcomedownsoon2** (144 points)

༼ つ ◕_ ◕ ༽つ GIVE GUILTY ༼ つ ◕_ ◕ ༽つ

**u/NewBeerNewMe** (138 points)

This is assuming Thanos spares the unborn child

**u/Mcsadia** (127 points)

#####
TRIAL THREAD

The Case against u/rkniepmann

This court of Law is *officially* in session. 

I am now calling on the prosecution to make their opening arguments. 

Defence Attorney: u/Bonedragonwillrise

Prosecutor: u/killer_whale1984

**u/hauntedbypaul** (95 points)

Your being forthcoming about your prior obligations cements, in my mind, the fact that you're the right person for the job.

**u/Bonedragonwillrise** (92 points)

I would like to be the defense attorney in this trial. I have the suspenders and the southern accent to build a good defense for my client.

**u/twicedouble** (87 points)

As a bit of disclosure: I am currently in the middle of a ladder sale in that particular thread, but I do not think that will interfere with my job.

**u/Bonedragonwillrise** (83 points)

According to my clients alledged post and I quote "My first newborn is expected tonight, if this gets to 10k I will name him Thanos." Notice the pronoun that my client alledgedly used "him." So according to the wording of the contract the newborn's name only has to be Thanos of the baby is a male. We do not know the gender of the child allegedly fathered by my client.  Therefor my client has no legal obligation to name a female child Thanos, nor does my client have a legal obligation to reveal the alledged gender of the alledged child. Therefore there is absolutely no way to verify whether or not my client has followed through with his alledged promise without violating his rights. I ask the jury what is more important, karma or the fundamnet rights we as redditors are guaranteed by the Karma Court Constitution?

**u/8LocusADay** (77 points)

Calm down Solomon

**u/tarsn** (67 points)

Daddy I don't feel so good...

༼ つ ◕_ ◕ ༽つ

༼ つ ◕_ ◕ ::;:.::..:. . . . . . . .

༼ つ ◕_ :;:.::..:. . . . . . . . . . . . . .

༼ つ :;:.::..:::....:.:... . . . . . . . .

༼ ;::,':;:.::..:::....:.:... . . . . . . . . .

:,':;:.::..:::....:.:... . . . . .

;.::. .:. : ... . .

.. . .

.

**u/Fabricology** (61 points)

I'm in no way qualified to be either of those things . Yes I am

**u/rkniepmann** (61 points)

Can I put this guy on my team?

**u/killer_whale1984** (60 points)

I’d like to offer my services as a prosecutor. I believe this man sound be held to the highest level of law.

**u/coranos2** (59 points)

Whether it’s black or white is only a problem if the baby’s skin color is significantly different from both parents

**u/killer_whale1984** (57 points)

Your honor, the jury, today we have a case of fraud, of bamboozal, of Grand theft. The defendant will try to tell you that he did not intend to break his promise, that he simply couldn’t keep his promise. I say he never intended to. The defendant did not plan on keeping his promise and was planning on bamboozalling all of us out of so much karma. The defendant must be punished for his crimes against the people and today I will prove to you all of this is true.  

/u/bonedragonwillrise

**u/pshaywood** (56 points)

Sounds like you’re the perfect judge, your honor!

**u/BoristheWatchmaker** (52 points)

This does put a smile on my face
