# THE PEOPLE OF REDDIT VS /U/VOLUMEZERO FOR BLATANT GRANDTHEFT.JPG

**Sub:** r/KarmaCourt  
**Author:** u/Hamburker  
**Score:** 2,140  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/1ifz0u/the_people_of_reddit_vs_uvolumezero_for_blatant/  

---

At approximately 5 o'clock on July 16, 2013 A.D., /u/VolumeZero posted [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1ifn7l/cant_believe_what_i_found_at_the_yard_sale/) post to /r/gaming.  The post quickly rose to the front page, and as of 6:47 P.M., it has accumulated 8,042 karma and much praise in the comments section.  It should be noted that /u/VolumeZero's *total* link karma as of this moment is 4,901.  
  
Unfortunately, contrary to what VolumeZero would have you believe, he found this "jackpot" not at a yardsale, [but on imgur](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1idrzr/whats_your_current_reason_for_being_unhappy/cb420sf).  In fact, /u/VolumeZero's disgracefully reposted [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/1ife7v/i_just_found_this_steal_of_a_deal_at_a_yard_sale/) post from /u/utterpedant not even two hours after the original was posted, and got away with over 3 times the Karma in the process .  This shameless act caused untold psychological damage to /u/utterpedant, who was understandably distraught, as can be seen in [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1ifn7l/cant_believe_what_i_found_at_the_yard_sale/cb40rpa) comment on the post.
  
This shameless case of grandtheft.jpg is worthy of the highest possible punishment.  Justice *will* be upheld!  
  
EDIT: This disgusting repost has become the all time best comment on /r/gaming.  This has elevated the stakes even higher.  Capitol punishment is not out of the question.  
  
EDIT #2: It appears that /u/VolumeZero has started an avalanche of lawlessness across the internet.  A quick search on KarmaDecay reveals that this post has been reposted at least four times within the past three hours by lowly beings such as ~~/u/Checksbounce~~ *(Acknowledged that it was a repost in title)*, /u/pikk and /u/bob___dull.  WHEN WILL THIS MADNESS END???  
  
Prosecution: /u/Always_Reasonable  
Defense: /u/Deadbabylicious  
Jury: /u/cowboyrocky, /u/rango_99, /u/veridiantrees, /u/ClassicTheMedic  
Witness to the crime: /u/synapticimpact  
  
EDIT #3: His most Honorable Honor Justice /u/Yanky_Doodle_Dickwad has [commenced the hearing](http://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/1ifz0u/the_people_of_reddit_vs_uvolumezero_for_blatant/cb43khh?context=3).  
  
EDIT #4: [VERDICT!](http://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/1ifz0u/the_people_of_reddit_vs_uvolumezero_for_blatant/cb45kom)  
  
**Please refrain from posting /u/VolumeZero's personal information.  Downvoting him is one thing, but putting someone else's personal information online extends beyond KarmaCourt and into asshole territory.**

---

## Top Comments

**u/AonSwift** (395 points)

To the gallows?

**u/Yanky_Doodle_Dickwad** (371 points)

ALL RISE  
Justice Judge Yanky_doodle_Get_Off_My_Lawn_dickwad presiding. Could somebody mop up the scum froth all over the floor. If the walls see this, all you guys are screwed.  
I see we have defense and prosecution. I will be the one who has to see this is a fair trial, and right now I can´t see the mob for the pitchforks. We'll see if this simmers down to be able to accept a jury.  
Meanwhile, PROSECUTION! tell me what this guy did, like I am a judge who just spent the last hour shining his gavel, and like you are good at opening statements. Make it quick. i want the galleries to do a mexican wave, and that looks shit with only 8 people.

**u/Yanky_Doodle_Dickwad** (339 points)

### ### VERDICT ###  
  
This case has been the defendent and his lawyer against the prosecuting counsel and 8000 compulsive clickers with e-Tourette syndrome. A bit one sided, don´t you think?  
  
The fair repost clause is worded in a way that leaves it at the discretion of the judge, dependent on the circumstances of the event. This repost, if it is a repost, was committed only hours after the original, and unfortunately went ballistic in karma terms. That allows it to go to trial, I feel. 

An accepted witness has shown us that the content was shown to the defendent by somebody else, and outside of reddit. Then some shenanigans regarding titles and albums occurred, then he posted it. As did at least 3 other people, in other subs. I tried submitting it myself, to see what happens, and I was told it had been reposted loads of times. Then I went to karmadecay, and that told me about a list of very similar images. He ignored the fact it had been posted. He knew, or should have known. He was playing with karma, and tripped.

As far as the ENORMOUS experience of this court is concerned, this is a repost crime of the tiniest possible kind, utterly insignificant in the tides of karma misrepresentation that happens all over those big subs. The fair repost clause was put there to stop the courts being drowned in shitty repost cases. This one scrapes through, but only just.  
  
I therefore, sadly, find the defendent GUILTY of grandtheft.jpg.  
  
However, the response from "that segment" of the community has been rediculously over the top. Everyone of those downvoters is a high end karmabitch and don´t they know it. Pathetic. Yeesh.  
  
The unfortunate minor misdemeanor criminal is senteced to being tutted at, once, by one person on the other side of the street, and discretely, under their breath.  
  
You downvote brigaders are invited to come and see us again when you can read and type.  
  
Sorry for the downvotes, /u/volumezero. They represent the opposite of this sub.

**u/Always_Reasonable** (250 points)

The case here is a simple one. /u/VolumeZero did knowingly and purposefully take the images in question and post them as his own. The post in question can be found [HERE](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1ifn7l/cant_believe_what_i_found_at_the_yard_sale/)

**Exhibit A:** The original post by /u/utterpendant in /r/wtf found [HERE](http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/1ife7v/i_just_found_this_steal_of_a_deal_at_a_yard_sale/)

Specifically: the url of the submitted gallery reads as such: http://imgur.com/a/sneoW

**Exhibit B:** the URL of the gallery submitted by /u/VolumeZero to /r/gaming reads as such: http://imgur.com/a/sneoW?gallery

As you can see, the only difference is the "?gallery" added to the end. A  simple change that would obscure the post from sites such as karma decay.

I put forth that /u/VolumeZero did purposefully edit the URL in order to avoid the repost being noticed.

**Exhibit C:** /u/VolumeZero's own testimony: 
&gt;"Friend posted the link to me on MSN... "

http://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/1ifz0u/the_people_of_reddit_vs_uvolumezero_for_blatant/cb42lq2

He claims that his friend showed him the content, and since he was unable to locate an original post on reddit, he posted it himself.

However, I would like to draw attention to the title of the post: 
&gt;"Can't believe what I found at the yard sale!"

&gt;Can't believe what I found


&gt;what I found

&gt;**I**

/u/VolumeZero did knowingly and purposefully take content that was not his and claimed it as his own in order to attain karma.

**Exhibit D:** an image posted by a "friend" of the defendant!

http://i.imgur.com/MQLXYlN.png

The image not only shows that the defendant was given the original, unaltered URL by his friend, but that he also knew he was reposting it! According to his friend: 

&gt;"[the defendant]...bragging to me about getting to the front page on a repost!"

To sum it up: /u/VolumeZero did knowing doctor an imgur URL and repost it as his own content in order to receive karma.

The prosecution rests.

**u/utterpedant** (218 points)

As the aggrieved in this case, should I expect to receive any restitution from the guilty party?  
Or, as is often the case in online matters such as this, do we *all* lose? Does society itself ultimately pay for the transgressions of the guilty, and we all must suffer for it?

**u/[deleted]** (215 points)

Your guilt has been determined. This is merely a sentencing hearing. So what will it be? Death or Exile?

**u/AonSwift** (190 points)

Can't we all pretend it's the dark ages? Just for one day??

I'll start, er hum.... WITCH!

**u/Deadbabylicious** (162 points)

Your honor, we here on Reddit are a community of laws. We abide by the law, and delight in fulfilling it.

My client, /u/VolumeZero, incontrovertibly has reposted. But under the Karma Court Constitution, he cannot be convicted for the crime he is accused of. 

Under the articles in the Constitution, one can repost without fear of prosecution if the OP has less than 30,000 link karma, which is evidenced here.

The amount of karma gleaned from a repost cannot be used to consider the decision gentleRedditors of the jury, so I ask that the first piece of evidence prevented by the plaintiff be stricken from the record.

Also, our plaintiff has not linked further legal repostings directly to my client, so I wish for the second piece of evidence to be stricken from the record, as it is not relevant to the case.

The use of I by the defendant cannot be what this case is built off of. It was obvious, given the nature of the post, that no one found the evidence in question at a garage sale. It was assembled by the OP and was portrayed as a satire. Once reposted, such satire would lose relevance and comic wit if filled with an arrhythmic title such as "Can't believe what picture I found of a person pretending to find something on a yard sale."

The I in question is that of comedy and an art, and cannot be used as evidence for grandtheft.jpg. 

There was no claim of ownership in the post that can be pointed to, other than a comedic title. Once questioned, such ownership was not claimed by the OP. 

In fact, my client even gave proper credit to the OP in subsequent comments.


&gt;Oh dear... Friend posted the link to me on MSN. I thought it was funny based off the current trends in /r/gaming and /r/funny. I checked both gaming and funny and it wasn't there. So I posted it to /r/gaming and here we are. The reason for the title was simply due to the first time I posted it with a different title, it wasn't seen at all (most successful posts are 75% title). Hope I haven't offended anyone by bringing attention to a funny piece of work by /u/utterpedant to the masses (after 2 hours his post had only been voted around 4000 times, so having over 100k and being top posted on reddit is honestly something I'd be proud of, even if he didn't get the "e-points" for it.) Anyways, thanks"
Thus, under my clients Reposting Rights and the guaranteeing of the offended users first inalienable Reddit right of proper attribution, I ask that my client be named innocent. 

The story changing is not something that can be prosecuted under given the current charges, and is not relevant to grandtheft.jpg charges.

We are not animals here, but men and women of law. Lets respect this and not wield the pitchforks of a failed state.

**u/Mattofla** (158 points)

[Here's a cat for your troubles](http://fc02.deviantart.net/fs71/i/2012/215/7/4/crudely_drawn_cat_by_nrvnqsrrowan-d59o12r.png)

**u/utterpedant** (144 points)

Hey, not cool.  
While VolumeZero deserves to be killed and skinned (so that I can wear his skin to Thanksgiving at his house to make a macabre and circuitous point about reposting), he does *not* deserve to have personal info published.  
Can you remove that?  

**EDIT:** Shit, his face and OKCupid account are *everywhere* already. Sorry, this was the first link I saw. Ugh.

**u/Yanky_Doodle_Dickwad** (133 points)

Ladies, gentleman, members of the court, angry mob: Welcome to karmacourt. **Stop downvoting the defendent.** It makes the place look like a shithole.  The court of karma will determine the degree of douchebaggery of the accused, but not if you're all shooting off your little pistols.

**u/Rango_99** (126 points)

We gotta give this guy a fair trail. Otherwise whats the point of calling this sub /r/KarmaCourt ?

**u/its_lynching_time** (124 points)

Let's just take it back to the 1800's, that's where my job is real important.

**u/Hamburker** (121 points)

Both.

**u/Le_Fedora_Atheist** (103 points)

Too bad it doesn't have a faggot prevention

**u/cowboyrocky** (97 points)

Death by exile!

**u/Yanky_Doodle_Dickwad** (91 points)

Apparently it's /r/gaming

**u/utterpedant** (89 points)

&gt; This certainly blew out of proportion huh...

Man, it's been *five hours.* Do you really think we're at the "look back and laugh" stage of our relationship already?  
I hope you scrub the hell out of whatever sites you can be linked to and make sure your address or name aren't out there. Reddit can be vicious ... I mean, some people even go so low as to repost albums of original content.   
While I wish you the absolute worst online, I sincerely hope nothing bleeds over into the real world. (Aside from the whole me-wearing-your-skin-to-Thanksgiving thing, of course.)

**u/utterpedant** (80 points)

I was going to post it to /r/gaming myself after [the first /r/wtf thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/1if71e/my_friend_found_this_steal_of_a_deal_at_a_yard/cb3wbj0?context=3) was (temporarily) taken down. (Or more likely /r/pics or /r/funny, since just because there are game consoles in the picture doesn't mean it's a "gaming" post.)   
I saw it was removed, [made a quick "awwww, shucks" post,](http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/1ife7v/i_just_found_this_steal_of_a_deal_at_a_yard_sale/cb3xjev) got lunch, and when I came back to post it myself, he had beaten me to it.  
I certainly feel that all this drama has generated more interest than my making fun of a staged /r/wtf post would have generated on its own, but still. This isn't how I want to earn my karma.

**u/Hamburker** (79 points)

I mean, you gained a shit ton of karma and gold today... Hell, if VolumeZero hadn't reposted your post, nobody would've seen it.  That's not too shabby.

**u/Hamburker** (78 points)

Damn.

**u/Deadbabylicious** (75 points)

There is no such thing as a retroactive charge, you must file a new case for that, I must regrettably say.

**u/Always_Reasonable** (74 points)

&gt;Under the articles in the Constitution, one can repost without fear of prosecution if the OP has less than 30,000 link karma, which is evidenced here.

Under that same article:

&gt;Content may be reposted without fear of prosecution in the following situations:

&gt;&gt;If the original poster has less than 30,000 total link karma.

&gt;&gt;If it has been 7 or more days since the last time the post has frontpaged.

&gt;&gt;If the repost has anywhere in its title or description that it is an x-post.

Sections 2 and 3 invalidate this claim by the defense, as the post was a mere two hours old, that there was no mention of an x-post in the submission title.

Furthermore:

&gt;The I in question is that of comedy and an art, and cannot be used as evidence for grandtheft.jpg.

Nowhere in the constitution is this stated, this is an opinion of the defense and nothing more. I ask it be stricken from the record.

**u/Dannyunltd** (74 points)

Off with the head!
