# Over 35 redditors owe me gold.

**Sub:** r/KarmaCourt  
**Author:** u/outlooker707  
**Score:** 2,036  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/63fhfk/over_35_redditors_owe_me_gold/  

---

EDIT: I have removed users who have settled from the list. 

One month ago I made several bets saying that Jeff Sessions would not be removed from office. Of all the people that took my bet only 5 have kept their word thus far. In accordance with reddit law I hereby ask that all users listed below be put on trial and charged with bamboozlement. I have taken screens of every conversation so trying to deny involvement by deleting your comments is futile. I will remove names from this list upon receiving 1 month of gold from each corresponding party. However, 1 of the users listed below is bound by a different contract. He/she must send $5 to Alex Jones and provide proof in order to be acquitted. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5x4glv/sanders_sessions_must_resign/def7uwp/

https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5x3lgp/pelosi_on_sessions_we_are_far_past_recusal/defd4zn/?context=3

https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5x5gyq/jeff_sessions_is_losing_republican_support_fast/defe5k0/?context=3


/u/winzip115

/u/HCM4

/u/LOHare

/u/NoteworthyPotato

/u/SoulEntropy

/u/TheLonelyWind

/u/Morganross

/u/NFekPo

/u/MrChristmas

/u/anchoricex

/u/Randahellout

/u/ooglethrope

/u/conboncinnabon

/u/Fiften_inches

/u/4alex6

/u/ElloJelloMellow

/u/chargon

/u/RateofDeath

/u/nt07077

/u/Tuft64

/u/LT_DANS_ICECREAM

/u/Sassafras_albidum

/u/Ofcourse_My_Horse

/u/SimaSi

/u/syncopator

/u/my_personal_army

/u/thereally - owes Alex Jones $5

/u/Stabak

/u/palindromic

/u/riko58

---

## Top Comments

**u/Flownyte** (824 points)

Will they be tried together or separately? 

With this many I think we should throw them on a deserted island and have them fight to the death. The winner will be excused from giving gold. The dead will have their valuables sold at auction and gold bought with the proceeds. The remaining will go to me for coming up with this fair and legally sound plan.

**u/outlooker707** (364 points)

Having them tried seperatley would take too long. The deserted island idea sounds great however.

**u/Procrastinare** (236 points)

&gt;If Sessions resigns I will buy gold for anyone who replies to me today. But if he doesn't resign within a month then anyone who replies must buy me gold.

This seems like an open and shut case. The timeline and conditions were laid out clearly and the individuals agreed to these terms. Justice must be done.

**u/HrBerg** (228 points)

Ex-fucking-scuse me but what the fuck is this? No trial, no defendant appearances, and you stroll in here and hand out a verdict? That's the worst violation of legality since me_irl thought a bamboozle should constitute a contract and illegally mass downvoted lord tuts. This is the fakest fucking judge I've ever seen, and you may retain the right to get the hell out of my courts, sonny boy.

No verdict, no punishment, and no kangaroo courting until we have an actual trial with legal representation.

**u/assramajama** (168 points)

edit: paid in full.  PM'd.

**u/outlooker707** (128 points)

Thank you, you are aquitted of all charges.

**u/firesquasher** (122 points)

/r/karmacourt RICO trial.... im digging it.

**u/proXy_HazaRD** (93 points)

Despite my personal bias I'd like to defend these supposed Bamboozlers.

**u/nealski77** (86 points)

That would flood the Karma Court whose judges are swamped as is with work and the fact they live in swamps.

Nay, this is some RICO level shit right here.

**u/ChiefJusticeOfReddit** (82 points)

This was a rule 56 summary judgement.

Forgive me, I've been on an extended golf vacation for some 4 years. It appears procedure has changed!

**u/dogonut** (77 points)

And I will get half for agreeing

**u/spsdavid** (77 points)

&gt;funny satire

No it's not

**u/GoldenGonzo** (74 points)

JUSTICE MUST BE DONE!

**u/ChiefJusticeOfReddit** (73 points)

I would first like to see you pass the KCBAR, if not in full at least for the position of Defense. I will allow you to present a case, however it may be stricken from the record if it does not provide a sound and proper defense.

Proceed.

**u/WolfofAnarchy** (65 points)

this is real shit

**u/alexryanjones** (60 points)

I'll take that $5 now please

**u/proXy_HazaRD** (54 points)

While it's quite obvious these members had an agreement with the OP,do we have proof that they did not plan to give the Plaintiff his gold? 

Without proof we have to assume they had full intent of delivering gold to the Plaintiff,and therefore you cannot punish two of them beyond carrying out the agreement. 

Furthermore looking at the first link the Plaintiff provides, he makes a deal to instead make a donation to the ACLU using the formula of reddit gold cost x replies. Wouldn't it be then that the initial agreement is now void?

**u/i_stay_turnt** (49 points)

I honestly don't like the deserted island idea.  In fact, I despise it.  Can't we have this fight to the death battle royale in an abandoned warehouse or something? That way we can all have fun spectating and we can even earn a little money by placing bets.

**u/fat-lip-lover** (47 points)

*Holy shit, this would be the case of a life time to be a bailiff. 35 rowdy defendants at once. I've gotta volunteer.*

I volunteer as Bailiff!

**u/SomeAnonymous** (46 points)

Technically the timeline was *not* laid out clearly at all, as he just says "[they] must buy me gold". Since he never gave the redditors a time scale for either himself giving gold or them giving him gold, they are free to do so at their leisure.

**u/fcdjr** (43 points)

Half for this comment, and half for its duplicate.

**u/BlindingRain** (43 points)

And then we'll get even more participants from the people who don't follow through on THOSE bets!  Great idea!

**u/ChiefJusticeOfReddit** (42 points)

A fair point. Donation to the ACLU or Alex Jones was the result of a modified agreement. This has been taken into consideration. As of now the verdict stands, however consideration shall be made in regard to reinstating the expectation damages. Excellent job.

**u/Tony49UK** (38 points)

Alex Jones is a legend and needs all the support he can get.  I suggest that the defendants have to purchase one of his nutritional supplements.
