# The people of /r/memeeconomy vs /u/egrogE for market manipulation and fraud.

**Sub:** r/KarmaCourt  
**Author:** u/Filthy9gaggers  
**Score:** 1,713  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/5oweqm/the_people_of_rmemeeconomy_vs_uegroge_for_market/  

---

Recently, /u/egrorG threatened /r/memeeconomy and all memers around the world saying if he didn't get 10 billion usd by Sunday he would flood the market with rare Pepes he had been collecting. Further investigation from the meme police revealed that he had downloaded all of the "rare Pepes" off an imgur album.

Charges: Market manipulation of the third degree, fraud of the third degree.

[Proof](https://www.reddit.com/r/MemeEconomy/comments/5ot3xk/i_have_accumulated_over_1200_uncommon_and_rare/?st=1Z141Z3&amp;sh=c0e4745a)

Judge: /u/Ibney00

Defence attorney: /u/emersonic420

Prosecutor: /u/MrKuze

Jury:

/u/SailorJerry57

/u/Redzombie78

/u/mik123mik1

/u/pchol2

/u/MassDisregard

/u/Zarten

/u/spiralsplitz

/u/sparkplug1034

/u/McKapy

/u/Willkwi

/u/juveitalia1200

/u/POLITE_ALL_CATS_GUY

We have all 12 jurors! Verdict time! The jurors have been messaged about their verdict.

It's time! The results are in....


/u/egrorG has been confirmed...




#GUILTY!

---

## Top Comments

**u/emersonic420** (272 points)

Hello Court. My name is /u/emersonic420. My client is under attack for posting an image of several rare pepes and demanding money. This is absolutely false. I have reason to believe that every user of r/memeeconomy is suffering from some variety of mental illness which makes them unfit to serve as members of the jury on this case. The only thing my client is guilty of is having really good memes.

**u/ChainsawSnuggling** (258 points)

I'll prosecute

**u/emersonic420** (204 points)

As a moderator of /r/dankmemes I volunteer

**u/SystematicSpoon** (147 points)

Anyone else, please come fifth.

**u/living_in_bad_faith** (135 points)

How do you account for your client's post history containing this [blatant attempt at extortion](http://imgur.com/IeZhCGD)? Or, [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWP_95eSLBI) in which your client can clearly be seen fraternizing with other terrorist memes?

**u/Filthy9gaggers** (125 points)

Haha! We got out prosecutor! Now we just need a defence attorney!

**u/emersonic420** (115 points)

Mass hysteria and delusional meme ideologies

**u/emersonic420** (108 points)

That image is not a blatant attempt at extortion,  rather a friendly request for funds. The video in question is a unrelated attempt to slander my client and I will not have it.  My client is completely innocent.

**u/Filthy9gaggers** (105 points)

Wow! The real thing! Now we got a defence attorney. So, you two, debate! Sway the jurry!

**u/Filthy9gaggers** (84 points)

Anyone willing to offer services as defence attorney or prosecutor come forth.

**u/emersonic420** (76 points)

Apology not accepted,  move to have jury member removed from the court room and charged in contempt of court

**u/seriousgi** (72 points)

Oh my what have I done

**u/emersonic420** (69 points)

The proof is,  as the great philosopher Socrates said famously,  is in the pudding. It is unethical to treat the mentally poor differently from a normal human. Please have mercy on this man's soul.

**u/emersonic420** (62 points)

Please,  I have sworn in. Lying in court is illegal and as a trusted legal expert I would not risk my career to lie

**u/Seashark001** (58 points)

I would like to call the moderators to account for allowing this ransom to reach public eyes, and for allowing such a hostile threat to remain in public view for so long

**u/Fvckm0ds** (55 points)

I'll judge. 

Edit: nah I lied. I'm going back to bed.

**u/lextremelynooby** (52 points)

People like you *disgust* me

**u/MrKuze** (51 points)

I would like to ask which mental illness you claim your client has and what evidence you hold that supports such claim

**u/funkybeatz911** (45 points)

This is the reddit I know and love

**u/OnTheJobRedditor** (42 points)

I came first. Only lasted 15 seconds or so

**u/ChainsawSnuggling** (36 points)

As the defense has made no pre-trial motions, I shall now begin my opening statement.

Your honor, /r/KarmaCourt was founded on many principles (probably some vice-principles as well) and one of those founding principles is the notion that Karma has value. In much the same way, /r/MemeEconomy is founded on the belief that memes have value. The defendant understood this, by claiming he would devalue Pepe stock by flooding the market with a large cache of both rare and common Pepes. [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/MemeEconomy/comments/5ot3xk/i_have_accumulated_over_1200_uncommon_and_rare/dcm57cy/) the defendant can be seen attempting to back out after it was discovered that his Pepe cache was merely taken from Imgur instead of being his own portfolio. Your honor, if I were to stroll into a bank and wave what appeared to be a gun and then attempt to back down after it was revealed to be made of licorice I would still face stiff legal penalties. As I'm sure you're aware, your honor, the inability to commit a crime does not absolve the accused if they demonstrated clear intent to commit the crime.

As of now the accused's post is #1 on /r/MemeEconomy, he may not have received the $10bil USD he demanded but he has certainly made off with upwards of 4,000 Karma.

In short, I ask you find the defendant, /u/egrorG guilty of the charges of Meme Market Manipulation and Misleading the Shareholders.

**u/Ibney00** (35 points)

Well since I offered my services first, and no one else is taking the opportunity...

######TRIAL THREAD

Before we begin, the defense /u/emersonic420 may offer a pre-trial motion if he has any. If not, the prosecution /u/ChainsawSnuggling may begin with his opening statement.

######EDIT 

Disregard this thread. This trial has been discontinued. Please refer to the more highly upvoted trial thread.

**u/seriousgi** (27 points)

You are lying sir!

**u/cdeacious** (27 points)

RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE

**u/MrKuze** (27 points)

Now besides the post in question, what other evidence do you have to show that your client suffers from these delusions?
