# the people of r/Me_IRL vs. /u/fishering 1st degree bamboozling and whoring for money

**Sub:** r/KarmaCourt  
**Author:** u/BraveReddit  
**Score:** 1,701  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/5zgb1p/the_people_of_rme_irl_vs_ufishering_1st_degree/  

---

#The Great Fishering Pi Day Heist


What went down:

/u/Fishering made [This Post](https://www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/5ytzv9/me_irl/) to r/me_irl claiming that for every upvote the post received he would post a sticky note with a digit of Pi in a Twitch Livestream.

Several days later he arrives to stream live. For the first 20 minutes of the stream he asks for money and cash donations and then proceeds to hang 5 post it notes on the walls. He then switches the screen to text on a black screen reading ["Bamboozled"](http://i.imgur.com/8G9QIvC.png)
and goes offline. The suspect made over 90k total karma through the ordeal, $187 dollars in real cash donations, and over 2000 twitch followers. 

**CHARGE**: 1st degree bamboozlement

**CHARGE**: Stealing 90.k karma

**CHARGE**: Whoring for money on Twitch


Calling all witnesses to come give statements 

**Defence**: /u/Fishering

**Prosecution** /u/bravereddit

**Judge** /u/parallel_trees



** fishering has claimed to have refunded PayPal donations, but I have yet to receive my money back

---

## Top Comments

**u/GageCo** (649 points)

Bamboozled we have been. Justice needs to be done

**u/PlebeianGentleman** (454 points)

I say we skip the trial and lynch the karma whore.

**u/BraveReddit** (310 points)

Agreed. We need to make an example out of this "man"

**u/Brodrian** (270 points)

Hello, as the founder of /r/NoMoreBamboozles, I wrote up[ an official Bamboozle Report](https://www.reddit.com/r/NoMoreBamboozles/comments/5yuxer/ufishering_on_rme_irl_promises_to_write_out_a/) here and have been tracking this story as it has developed. I'd be happy to testify as an expert witness and give my input on this case.

**u/Vetegrisen** (258 points)

I was there I saw it happen, tragic

**u/BraveReddit** (245 points)

i wish i could say the same but we have a legal process for a reason

**u/markasoftware** (185 points)

UPDATE: /u/Fishering has been [removed from the mod team](https://www.reddit.com/r/giftcardexchange/comments/5zgizk/h_187_paypal_w_steam_gift_cards_and_to_discuss_a/dey2t3a/) at /r/giftcardexchange. Maybe he'll learn a lesson out of this.

**u/markasoftware** (177 points)

Maybe they would listen if you didn't bamboozle. We citizens of /r/me_irl do not take bamboozling lightly.

**u/Eporeon** (171 points)

I saw it with my own eyes. They said they were going to play Uno, turned off the stream for a couple of minutes, and then continued to stick numbers on the wall. About 2 minutes after the screen went black, and all it read was:

&gt;BAMBOOZLED

I was heart broken. I had given my precious karma to this man. Hoping that the inevitable wouldn't happen. But of course it did. 

The whole stream was very strange. The bit-rate was very poor, and their were product placements scattered all over the desk. (Most likely organized by /u/BroughtToYouByCoke) They *claimed* they had placed ~600 notes, but all they did was sit and read the twitch chat. 

I believe that /u/fishering is guilty. He had gathered over 90,000 karma, and $175, through the weak, and desperate people on /r/Me_irl.

**u/BraveReddit** (162 points)

As was i. I was shocked and offended that he would take advantage of the kind hearted community of r/me_irl

**u/PR-reefexplorer** (147 points)

I lost over 2 hours of my life and a precious "warmly-stroked" upvote to these goons. 
JUSTICE MUST BE WROUGHT UPON THE ACCUSED:
thiccboi, freshboi, blaccboi, hairboi, and tallboi. Also that one blue guy whatever I don't even care anymore.
this isn't just a bamboozle...no...we are dealing with an advanced mafia

**u/PlebeianGentleman** (137 points)

I'd agree with you if the system weren't so corrupt. After all, look at what happened to u/lordtuts. The only justice we can count on in this world is the justice we take into our own hands.

**u/Flownyte** (136 points)

Let's be serious for a moment. Can't he be charged with fraud for taking the money and not using it for what he said?

If so, I want to see him actually go to jail for this. Not because I'm upset over the bamboozlement, but because that would be hilarious. 

"Man goes to jail over Reddit bamboozle."

**u/theconfuserx2** (126 points)

nows not the time sneakpeekbot

**u/The_Jettster** (116 points)

I can't believe me_irl has made it to Karma Court twice already

**u/Vetegrisen** (102 points)

Yes truly saddening seeing the screen go black and the cold letters appearing reading "bamboozle"

**u/Hooman_Super** (99 points)

**REEEEEEEEE**     
     
90k karma is no joke!   
     
FRAUD!

**u/BraveReddit** (96 points)

You better have a real good story pal

**u/can_trust_me** (94 points)

Seriously though. Will he be banned from r/me_irl? Was lord tuts banned?

**u/can_trust_me** (91 points)

Don't you dare show your face in r/me_irl again.

**u/BraveReddit** (87 points)

i actually had tears come to my eyes

**u/BraveReddit** (86 points)

u/Fishering WILL NOT DIVIDE US!

**u/theconfuserx2** (82 points)

he dont

source: my redit exprience

**u/BraveReddit** (81 points)

We must avoid tyranny of the majority

**u/theconfuserx2** (79 points)

If anything this just shows how stupid /u/Fishering is. What a waste of money
