# u/shittymorph and the People of Reddit vs u/strallweat and the r/aww moderation team

**Sub:** r/KarmaCourt  
**Author:** u/WingedSeven  
**Score:** 1,587  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/ajs49i/ushittymorph_and_the_people_of_reddit_vs/  

---

So what happened?

  


1/24/2019 Approx 10:30PM - Mr. Morph attempts to post a photo of a dog in a Halo to aww - The photo was taken by a friend of Mr.Morph. Mr. Morph had requested and received permission to post from the owner of the picture. The picture of the dog in the Halo was very fast rising. It had approximately 40 upvotes in only 10 minutes which is a very fast initial burst for any post. After 10 minutes of being enjoyed by other redditors the post was abruptly removed by aww moderator /u/strallweat. After the removal (which happened without notice or a standard courtesy private message explaining the removal) moderator /u/strallweat decided to add insult to injury by leaving a comment on the removed post that read ["Stop whoring out other peeps pets"](https://imgur.com/a/qNi8ONo)

  


Moderator /u/strallweat's comment implies that most users contributing content to aww are posting pictures of only their own animals (they're not). Moderator /u/strallweat's comment also takes an irresponsibly derisive tone to Mr. Morph who has A) already demonstrated a willingness to follow extraordinary rules extraordinarily well and B) contributes huge amounts of good Original Content to the subreddit.

  


Mr. Morph contacted the aww moderation team directly with an inquiry regarding the removal of his post. The moderation team only showed indifference at best and provided no reason for the removal nor an apology or explanation for /u/strallweat's aggressive conduct and poor comment choice. The moderation team agreed with Mr. Morph in that the post did not break any of the Subreddits rules. The moderator team of /r/aww said Mr. Morph was welcome to "repost" the picture but again provided no clarification on the unwarranted removal or snide remark. Also to be noted here that /u/strallweat's decision to remove Mr. Morphs original content and only giving him hopes of a solid repost absolutely cost Mr. Morph a treasure chest of karma.

  


Furthermore when Mr. Morph re-submitted his post that was removed by /u/strallweat Mr. Morph's suspicion regarding the potential of the post was realized. The post rose to the front page of /r/aww on 1/24/2019 and stayed there for 15 hours. However in comparison to his initial post: 10 minutes after posting Mr. Morphs post only had 20 upvotes instead of 40. Mr. Morph believes the post could absolutely have risen higher and entered /r/all rankings had he not been forced to repost his OC.

  


On 1/24/2019, in an exchange that has since been removed by moderator /u/strallweat, Mr. Morph answered a questioned regarding the removal of his initial post.

  


a user asked -"Why was it removed?"

  


Mr. Morph answered this question with the intention of telling the truth. Mr. Morph replied:

  


"I'm guessing the mod who removed it doesn't appreciate the Hell in the Cell thing. The post was doing well - about 40 upvotes in 10 minutes when he removed it without formal notice and [commented this.](https://imgur.com/a/qNi8ONo) I found it interesting because you have to wonder how many people are posting pictures of their own animals... it's not even a rule but he made that comment - which has a very snide tone to it to say the least. Half of my pictures I take myself - the other are from my friends and I have permission from them before I post. He seemed to just have it out for me - I expected a mod in a larger subreddit to hold themselves or to be held to higher standards... if he doesn't like my activity elsewhere on reddit that's ok... but I expect to be treated the same as other redditors in this subreddit."

  


The following day, 1/25/2019, Mr. Morph received a message from the moderation team of /r/aww accusing him of brigading against /u/strallweat for linking his explination to /u/strallweats removal and poor comment choice - the letter included a ban from /r/Aww issued by /u/strallweat against Mr. Morph. After a brief amount of time passed /u/strallweat contacted Mr. Morph again indicitating the ban was temporary and that Mr. Morph should have "known better" than to answer the question the way he had. Mr. Morph feels this ban, regardless of length, is absolutely 100% retalitory in nature for bringing attention to /u/strallweats poor misconduct.

  


\[CHARGES\]: Shittymorph and The People of Reddit accuse the /r/aww moderation team and those moderators specifically listed above with abuse of power, intentional and unwarranted exclusion, lack of inclusion, conspiracy, and more conspiracy, letting a child run wild with a mod hammer, lack of remorse, lack of appreciation for good original content, lack of appreciation for good original memes, unprofessionalism, sitting on the high horse of a default sub while enjoying their own flatulence, depriving the common user of good bamboozles, being a gaggle of Cotton Headed Ninny Muggins, and most importantly, denying a man his karma.

  


\[EVIDENCE\]: https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/aj971b/no\_longer\_walking\_into\_walls/eetpxi8/ \| https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/ajdtv8/he\_no\_longer\_walks\_into\_walls/eevnv1l/




---





[COURT JESTERS]:




 Prosecuting lawyer: 





 The man in the courthouse who gives the evil eye to the r/aww moderation team the entire time: u/Fredstien850




 The announcer's table that was broken when the Undertaker so rudely tossed Mankind into him: u/PM_ME_NBSP




Mr. Morph's attorney: u/NeonLily123




Judge: u/Sultryspice1994

---

## Top Comments

**u/Insane1rish** (1,201 points)

That dude shouldn’t be a mod of any sub let alone a default one. If you’re gonna target specific posts because you don’t like the user who posted it then you shouldn’t be a mod. Mods of all subs, especially default subs, should be help to higher standard than they are.

**u/slightlydampsock** (504 points)

Especially r/Awww, if he is going to complain about whoring pets out for karma. That’s basically saying that he hates the entire sub

**u/transformdbz** (479 points)

Down with the mod power abuser!

All hail Shittymorph!

Edit: Thanks for the silver, kind sir.

**u/MightyEskimoDylan** (420 points)

I’m sorry, a mod of r/aww is taking on u/shittymorph?

Dude, not even a fair fight. Shittymorph is a Reddit God, right up there with Sprog or ShittyWatercolors (shout out to u/srgrafo climbing the ranks and soon to join the pantheon). 

The last time I saw such an unfair fight was in 1998 when the Undertaker threw Mankind off the top of the Cell. 

Edit: See? Even my sloppy slipshod imitation got me my first Reddit Silver.

**u/Thatnintendonerd** (317 points)

u/strallweat is in the wrong and I can testify immediately

**u/Chaos4139** (286 points)

Fuck the other mods for borderline enabling this abuse of power against our meme boy

**u/Thatnintendonerd** (228 points)

He appears to be a prominent poster in r/ShitPoliticsSays, a political subreddit. From this we can gather that he most likely posts on political subs for his opinion to be validated by others. He believed that posters on r/aww are posting their own animals, and became deluded when told otherwise. I say the people of Reddit overthrow this power hungry moderator, and we replace him with Mr. Morph, who has displayed abilities to follow rules strictly and unbiased, as well as retribution for this crime.

**u/SPUNKFLAP** (217 points)

Yeah! At least target someone who deserves it like GallowBoob... oh wait he's probably a mod in every single sub anyway.

**u/N8theGr8** (199 points)

This is a travesty of travesties and a crime for the ages.  The defendant is clearly guilty, and I volunteer to be the prosecuting lawyer.  

This is clearly an open and shut case, I could tie both hands behind my back and still win.

**u/xTheDarkKnightx** (154 points)

You’re power is behind a screen and no one has heard of you prior to your abuse of power to u/shittymorph. 
We all love u/shittymorph prior to your power trip and will after. But you, you’ll be forgotten.

**u/Hankthephotog** (153 points)

Is sarcasm your only response to that whole thing?

**u/Marchin_on** (147 points)

I too have witnessed the heinous bamboozeling that u/strallweat has foisted on numerous redditors in his capacity as moderator of r/aww.  One of my friends posted an adorable picture of his cockapoodle Mugsy, who has one hind leg shorter than another, frolicking with some goslings by his retaining lake that adjoins his backyard.  Now Mugsy has had a tough life but that little cockapoodle just loves everyone big and small, man and goose.  So this picture of Mugsy with the goslings is quickly rising and the karma is pouring in.  My friend has posted pictures of Mugsy before but most of the time they barely get any up votes and people leave comments like "lol check out the hind leg on that bitch".  Now Mugsy don't mind a thing because Mugsy loves all but my friend was getting a little discouraged.  That is when he took the picture of Mugsy with the goslings and he knew that this picture was the one and it was the one until u/strallweats flagrantly abused his moderator position back in nineteen ninety eight when the undertaker threw mankind off hеll in a cell, and plummeted sixteen feet through an announcer's table.

**u/transformdbz** (132 points)

How the heck did this power abuser even think of deleting the photo of this beautiful boye.

**u/Insane1rish** (130 points)

exactly. its just complete hypocrisy.

**u/ThatFloppyEel** (129 points)

He also appears to hate anyone who has a different opinion, because if you go through this post history, he seems pretty unpopular, with lots of negative karma.

**u/WingedSeven** (127 points)

here https://i.redd.it/khocue319ec21.jpg

**u/lava172** (117 points)

/u/shittymorph should've posted a pic of some random person with downs syndrome since apparently that's the only appropriate content for that sub these days

**u/WingedSeven** (110 points)

We'd love to hear.

**u/plantman01** (95 points)

can we see a photo of the pupper as evidence?

**u/joshwafulll** (94 points)

I'm with you all the way u/shittymorph.

**u/Fredstien850** (93 points)

All hail Shittymorph! I shall be the man in the courthouse who gives the evil eye to the r/aww moderation team the entire time

**u/onewilybobkat** (83 points)

How do they not know the saga of u/shittymorph and at least appreciate what he's done for some people on reddit, and what he's went through himself and how his shenanigans on reddit have helped him a bit. u/shittymorph has been a gentleman in every interaction I've ever seen him have. Those mods should be absolutely ashamed of themselves for lashing out like this.
