# The People of Reddit vs. u/IAmA-RedditUser-AMA for promising a giveaway of 100+ game keys for upvotes

**Sub:** r/KarmaCourt  
**Author:** u/SWIMMlNG  
**Score:** 1,478  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/erf5is/the_people_of_reddit_vs_uiamareddituserama_for/  

---

I'm here to make my case against u/IAmA-RedditUser-AMA's vile actions towards the Reddit community.  
  
On Sunday, January 19th, u/IAmA-RedditUser-AMA posted a giveaway in r/FREE for "100+ AAA Steam Keys" in a now deleted post (https://www.reddit.com/r/FREE/comments/er31c0/free_100_aaa_steam_keys/)  
In this post, they claimed that they would be giving away the games individually and random. There were only two requirements.  
Comment &amp; upvote this post.  
Wait 2 days for the winners to be picked.  
That's right, in exchange for Karma, they promised Steam Keys! Many were so thankful for u/IAmA-RedditUser-AMA, they donated awards such as Gold and Platinum, and the post gained upwards of 51k Karma.  
However, today, January 20th, the post was deleted, and many (myself included) recieved a DM from u/IAmA-RedditUser-AMA, and now I will read it to the court!  
  
"Congratulations! You are one of the lucky 70,000 that won absolutely nothing!  
  
Thank you for the stranger, kind gold.  
  
Ah, go ahead, get mad and post it to /r/karmacourt.
  
Get a job."  
  
Now I ask you, does this sound like an innocent man? I rest my case.

The Peoples:  
Judge: u/Phoenix2TC2  
Defense: u/psilonox  
Defendant: u/IAmA-RedditUser-AMA  
Prosecution: u/Lightning3240  
Prosecution Second Chair: u/lilsquish23  
Jurors: u/mossberg91  
Sponsor *and* Bartender: u/urbanmicah  
Organic Hotdog Server: u/ToxicPod  
Guy that sketches the scene of the trial for a news report: u/uhfthbjk  
Aspiring Journalist: u/discodeakie  
The cookie eater dude in the corner who just watches and roots silently but very visually like a mime: u/WhyDoYouCaree  
Trial to start on Saturday, January 25th, 1PM EDT

---

## Top Comments

**u/Boreall** (239 points)

I had a feeling it was fake from the beginning but as someone else already stated all it cost me was an updoot and 10 seconds of my time. I'm sure this person feels like they accomplished something but it's truly sad that they got so much joy out of hurting other people. I can't even imagine having to live with myself, poor fellow.

**u/taytoes007** (91 points)

did you also receive that message? i feel 100% the same way. poor guy must be going through something

**u/SlendyTheMan** (87 points)

Get a job

**u/PMMeAMiracle** (69 points)

He probably fancied himself up, shaved his neck beard, put on some Old Spice, and still got stood up, so he finally decided on revenge for being completely unlikable and manufactured a way to scam people and get more than 100 upvotes on his account. Poor feller. At least he's internet infamous now.

Can we get an F in chat for /u/IAmA-RedditUser-AMA?

**u/Phoenix2TC2** (65 points)

I’ll take on the role of judge for this trial - if any volunteers for prosecution or defence want to let
Me know when/if you’re ready, we can kick off this madness

**u/TreronYT** (54 points)

It was so clear that was a fake post

**u/SpiritBomb32** (52 points)

Get a job.

**u/AlwaysDownNeverUp** (49 points)

Also got that message. Felt no need to give him the notoriety he yearned for from this forum.  Just told him he must be fun at parties.

Edit: Wow! My first silver! Sad I got it on a post about some cottonheadedninnymuggins.

**u/sgettimonster** (48 points)

Get a job

**u/[deleted]** (47 points)

Get a job

**u/5437354724** (44 points)

Get a job

**u/TheMexicanJuan** (39 points)

Is public lynching an option?

**u/TurbulentSalt** (38 points)

happy cake day u/EarlFaustian and fuck karma whores

**u/GregoriustheVI** (37 points)

It looked like any other big giveaway, would love to hear why it was obvious. I didn’t give any awards but for the people that did, it kinda sucks how big of a douche this guy is

**u/ThePlagueLives** (37 points)

GeT a JoB.

**u/jankndrive** (31 points)

As someone who got the message as well for posting in there I'd like to let everyone know I'm not even mad. There was literally nothing to lose and only something to gain and I honestly forgot I even posted until I had the  message today. Would have been real cool if I got a free game though..

**u/dshmoneyy** (31 points)

I spend maybe 10-20 seconds commenting and this dude made a full chart full of games and how many keys he had of them. you tell me who wasted their time lol u/iama-reddituser-ama

**u/GregoriustheVI** (30 points)

Douche.

**u/kcbarexam** (28 points)

**Upvote if you think the defendant is GUILTY:** #&amp;#009;####&amp;#009;		#&amp;#009;#&amp;#009;#&amp;#009;

**u/gfen5446** (28 points)

I'm not sure why it was assumed I even gave the guy an upvote. Whatever. Ten seconds to post "go me" and hit submit.

It's really mostly just a shame that people who *do* actually give keys away have this guy ruining the effort of actual good Samaritans. 

To say nothing of the insult about the time I wasted (doubly so making this) versus the effort he went through to format the OP and script the autoresponder.

*shrug*

**u/Mad_Hatt3r** (27 points)

Get a job.

**u/Dewman66** (27 points)

Get a job

**u/Cadash420** (24 points)

gEt A jOb

**u/CarfHasToSay** (23 points)

Man, sitting on reddit all day, you must be unemployed.

Edit: Thank you for my first ever silver!
