# Happy St. Self Isolation fortnight from your favorite mod, Mr. not gallowboob. (Me!)

**Sub:** r/KarmaCourt  
**Author:** u/ineededtosaythishere  
**Score:** 1,417  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/fk7qp5/happy_st_self_isolation_fortnight_from_your/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/ErohaTamaki** (112 points)

Didn't people complain about Gallowboob like yesterday? 

Found it: [https://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/fj4jsx/usuccessful\_nothing\_v\_rfunny\_mods\_et\_al/fkkzjvw/?utm\_source=share&amp;utm\_medium=web2x](https://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/fj4jsx/usuccessful_nothing_v_rfunny_mods_et_al/fkkzjvw/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x)

**u/ErohaTamaki** (69 points)

&gt;i've never heard of anyone having any problems with /u/gallowboob at all ever once.  i've always found him a delight.

 u/ineededtosaythishere

don't question why I am storing a copy of this comment

**u/ineededtosaythishere** (64 points)

i've never heard of anyone having any problems with /u/gallowboob at all ever once.  i've always found him a delight.

**u/Pcriz** (63 points)

Does apple juice taste better from a liquor bottle?

**u/Rumpledforeskinz** (49 points)

I remember when I was a kid. I too would drink apple juice while pretending it was alcohol.

**u/Kwillsy** (40 points)

Mott's Apple Juice is delicious

**u/kcbarexam** (40 points)

**Upvote if you think the defendant is GUILTY:** #&amp;#009;####&amp;#009;		#&amp;#009;#&amp;#009;#&amp;#009;

**u/ineededtosaythishere** (38 points)

Why are you storing a copy of this?

**u/Goblintern** (32 points)

"Don't quote me on this"

**u/BaMB00Z** (31 points)

The top was already cracked and the consistancy and color is way wrong for jamerson. Take it from me an irish alcoholic.

**u/Jakeytanky** (19 points)

What rock have you been living under no offence I don’t want to risk offending anyone but he’s VERY controversial (please don’t make me disappear mister gallowboob I’m just stating that there’s a lot of strong opinions about you)

**u/ineededtosaythishere** (17 points)

Things are going great. What you see there is a man who is not at all empty or broken in anyway. These are clear actions of a person in control.

**u/Anzu00** (15 points)

Hi Gallowboob-alt!

**u/gipoe68** (14 points)

God I hope that's what it is, cause that's a bad night if not.

**u/moyboi2112** (11 points)

You looked absolutely pissed for most of this

**u/karmacourt_ss_s** (10 points)

DM me when you make this type of environment reddit has a bot not the same subreddit as u/taylormemes 5 minutes late formatting is hard.

**u/bookluvr83** (9 points)

Your spouse has my sympathy

**u/AnotherpostCard** (7 points)

Like, that comment must be joking. Right?

**u/Dubnos** (6 points)

Impossibl mom said administration me ylooke like dis . https://imgur.com/gallery/HNBEj2x

**u/kmpgdf** (4 points)

What is going on here?

**u/PuroMichoacan** (4 points)

Quote him. Fuck the system.

**u/Vaporeonus** (3 points)

I don’t think it’s actually possible to lay on the sarcasm any thicker on op’s comment, it’s already like an entire jar of marmite on a single cracker

**u/manualuno** (3 points)

oh shit its Trevor
