# u/hereto_observe vs u/Mohab127 on the charge of meme thieft and 40k stolen karma.

**Sub:** r/KarmaCourt  
**Author:** u/hereto_observe  
**Score:** 1,372  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/aw4xvk/uhereto_observe_vs_umohab127_on_the_charge_of/  

---

Mohab127 recently stole my meme, looking at his post you can see the r/dankmemes post "Plz do it" by if you check my posts you can see I made the same post with a my watermark on it, obviously mohab stole my post and covered up my watermark.


Edit: [evidence](https://www.reddit.com/r/dankmemes/comments/avxinc/plz_do_it/)

2nd edit: [he stole it twice](https://www.reddit.com/r/memes/comments/avxia4/do_it_nintendo/)

---

## Top Comments

**u/Ratchet13329** (117 points)

His whole account is just stolen memes that I seen a week ago

**u/InfernalAnnihilation** (46 points)

I'm with you ill be a prosecutor.

**u/sterpogamer** (42 points)

also all the memes have very different fonts, they have different text backgrounds, the quality varies a lot and all of them are posted within a timespan of about 2 hours. safe to say that he's guilty.

**u/nonamern** (38 points)

He even posts non-pewdiepie related memes on r/pewdiepiesubmissions the rat

**u/user1738_** (29 points)

u/mohab127 delete both of them

**u/DarkEnd20** (25 points)

Evidence: All of Mohab127's memes are stolen some posts still have watermarks and other were on hot on r/memes or r/dankmemes

**u/kcbarexam** (19 points)

**Upvote if you think the defendant is GUILTY:** #&amp;#009;####&amp;#009;		#&amp;#009;#&amp;#009;#&amp;#009;

**u/SoftServeMeat** (19 points)

I will be the judge with several thousands pounds of emotional baggage

**u/BotW_Nick** (17 points)

Saw this on memes, that piece a shit'll get what he deserves. Too much?

**u/ScruffyAF** (12 points)

I will be the judge with several thousands pounds of emotional cabbage

**u/HelloYesThisIsBlaze** (9 points)

That cuck.

**u/wizardstring** (8 points)

Lol he deleted the post.

**u/swampthaang** (7 points)

I'm with you man that's frustrating as hell and it's not even my post. This guy should be banned for life, the reposting on reddit is getting out of control

**u/dankmemesarenoice** (7 points)

I volunteer as Juror in the case of u/hereto_observe VS u/Mohab127 on charges of Meme Theft of the First Degree, Karma Theft of the First Degree and Spamming on Our Lord and Savior's Supreme Subreddit. Very serious.

**u/Tewps** (7 points)

Saw them both when they had around 4k, sad to see the original get lost, I support you

**u/Ninja_Narwhal91** (6 points)

We need to take this fucker down

**u/ShriAman** (6 points)

I will be the judge with several thousands pounds of emotional savage.

**u/Benholm22** (6 points)

I just checked his profile and like 75% of his posts are reposts lol.

**u/Xtrendence** (5 points)

Again, I don't think I am being a jerk. He asked if we have anything better to do than care about stolen content, so I'm turning the question around to ask whether or not he has anything better to do than steal content for fake points. I didn't insult him or call him any names or resort to any form of ad hominem.

**u/PhantomBear_626** (5 points)

Wasn't PewdipieSubmissions originally meant for Pewds to see any type kf meme and react to them on the show?

**u/Redrar00** (5 points)

This goes deeper than we thought...

**u/NeighborOfSatan668** (4 points)

I will be the judge with several thousands pounds of emotional mortgage.

**u/dankmemesarenoice** (4 points)

*steals memes*


*goes to r/KarmaCourt*
#STOP LOOKING FOR ATTENTION

**u/Xtrendence** (4 points)

I don't think we are. He first steals someone's post and removes the watermark, he then goes on to insult that person and anyone who criticizes him for his shitty behavior. Calling out someone's wrongdoings isn't being a jerk, neither is using their own logic against them in my case.

**u/Xtrendence** (4 points)

Don't you have anything better to do than intentionally steal other people's content for fake internet points that you can't even use?
