# /u/DirtPiper V. /u/MatPatGT For Plagiarism of a minecraft theory with zero credit given

**Sub:** r/KarmaCourt  
**Author:** u/DirtPiper  
**Score:** 1,354  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/cr5z8v/udirtpiper_v_umatpatgt_for_plagiarism_of_a/  

---

**What Happened:**

MatPat's most recent game theory video is a point-for-point plagiarism of a reddit post I made 3 years ago. He claims he performed all of this research by himself and that he is the first to do it, despite that clearly not being the case. 

Seeing as I am basically a no-name internet person with practically zero presence on youtube, how am I supposed to combat this? It's not like I'm the only one wronged by this - there were three other redditors who helped to form my original theory post, and they are completely uncredited as well.

**[CHARGES]:**

Internet plagiarism (no credit given to me and 3 other redditors), stolen research, and the use of said stolen research as a grounds to advertise his merchandise and *make money through monetization of the video*.

**[EVIDENCE]:** 

[The reddit post in question](https://www.reddit.com/r/Minecraft/comments/4chbed/finally_solving_the_disc_11_mystery/) and [his recent video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFtkvIWyZlw). 

The things which lead me to believe that this is lifted directly from my post as opposed to independent research:

Choice of diction (the most obvious being when the player 'staggers' out of the pool of water)

Order of points being presented (when the items used in disc 11 are narrowed to flint and steel and maps, the reasoning given is almost verbatim from my reddit post)

Stupid, out of place mistakes (matpat uses incorrect sounds and mistakenly claims that disc 11 was added in Alpha 1.0.14 - when the item was added in release 1.0.0 and the sound file for the disc was added in Alpha 1.0.16. Anyone actually conducting their own research (it literally took me only 2 hours of research to make my original theory post) would not have been able to make such stupid mistakes while also getting everything else conveniently 'right'.)

And, the fact that it would have been essentially impossible to research this topic without finding my reddit post. Despite it being 3 years old and only having ~700 points, it shows up on the first page of any google search for "minecraft discs 11 13", "minecraft discs 11 and 13", "minecraft music disc mystery", etc.

These circumstances remove any reasonable doubt that this is a coincidence. MatPat stole my research, gave zero credit, and even managed to fuck it up in the process.

EDIT: [/u/semtex94 on the SRD post explains my point about the stupid, out of place mistakes and how they are suspicious better than I did](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/crfcjx/game_theory_uploads_a_theory_about_minecrafts/ex4zbr8/)

---

## Top Comments

**u/kcbarexam** (211 points)

**Upvote if you think the defendant is GUILTY:** #&amp;#009;####&amp;#009;		#&amp;#009;#&amp;#009;#&amp;#009;

**u/ZakX10** (169 points)

Can I be the one who sends court summons to u/matpatgt ?

**u/westerly57** (166 points)

Your honor may we have u/MatPatGT come to testify

**u/NotAOdd1** (111 points)

Shouldnt we tweet matpat about this? Or like make him make a statement for real

**u/Barack_Obanter** (95 points)

Woah, this is big

**u/ME_OP** (94 points)

Absolutely, u/DirtPiper dont just keep it to a reddit post. Call the motherfucker out on it

**u/DirtPiper** (93 points)

A few friends of mine and some other people unknown to me have called matpat out over twitter. Another friend made a post to /r/quityourbullshit earlier but it kinda died. I would have to find a place that would not only be receptive to my callout, but where it could also potentially spread to other platforms. I want this injustice to be righted.

**u/Gramrisuslss** (67 points)

I actually hate game theory, thanks for reminding me why.

**u/essentially_infamous** (62 points)

Juror: person who sits in the back and gasps at inappropriate times

**u/NotAOdd1** (50 points)

Someone named @zimonitrione on twitter tweeted about this, 187k on yt, 4.5k on twitter. Saw you noticed this

**u/mariokr** (45 points)

I want to be an up-and-coming YouTuber with a fake microphone covering the court proceedings, whose channel gets a ton of views for covering the drama

**u/DirtPiper** (42 points)

He's one of the aforementioned friends of mine

**u/kcbarexam** (40 points)

####Floating Jury: *This is the Floating Jury Poll Bot. It captures public opinion. Give your vote below.*		--- *This bot does not replace the actual jury. That would be crazy*

**u/Cuppet** (34 points)

No wonder mattpatt seemed a bit different in the recent video

**u/Flownyte** (33 points)

Yes, but did you know Roselyn is peach and Luigi’s child?! All of them have earlobes that connect to their head!

**u/DirtPiper** (32 points)

Any pyro is a gay man because of pseudoscience that says finger length = gay!

Also because PYRO TOTALLY DOESN'T WEAR FUCKING GLOVES

**u/KTobi** (31 points)

As a witness, I can confirm the above statement.

**u/doinkrr** (30 points)

Tweet it everywhere. Tweet it to everyone. Don't let this lie down. Give it to Pewdiepie. Give it to Buzzfeed (don't do that). Make. This. Known.

**u/NotAOdd1** (28 points)

Oh shit hes big on yt, lucky you. Btw i think you should set the court toghether.

**u/Seducia** (28 points)

I can be judge, but I don’t think that Karma Court is big enough for this case

**u/damionlai97** (24 points)

It's /r/GameTheorists by the way

**u/Flownyte** (23 points)

Juror: person who does an inappropriate gasps at the right times

**u/StiggleThePitchfork** (20 points)

PITCHFORKS AND TORCHES ONLY 5 SCHMECKLES EACH

**u/NotAOdd1** (18 points)

Like we can tweet/send this to multiple sources across the web, once someone takes it. People Will react.

**u/ggppjj** (17 points)

Guys what the frick no downvoting
