# The people of r/trebuchetmemes vs the mods of r/trebuchetmemes for unlawful subreddit change

**Sub:** r/KarmaCourt  
**Author:** u/aelatalkstoomuch  
**Score:** 1,345  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/8vfka3/the_people_of_rtrebuchetmemes_vs_the_mods_of/  

---

The mods at r/trebuchetmemes have turned the sub into a sub for a Cars 2 fanpage. The people are angry and revolting and we wish for our superior siege weapons to come back. 
 If you have any questions or doubts just look at the subs state right now

---

## Top Comments

**u/daelight_tk** (533 points)

A case we cannot afford to lose.

**u/twicedouble** (305 points)

I’ll be the guy who is attempting to use the trial as a networking opportunity. 

I sell ladders.

**u/PastyDeath** (280 points)

Colour me interested in this one

Edit: this is officially the wholesome case of the year for me. The banter below is amazing.

**u/SolarStarlord** (238 points)

It was an infiltration by r/catapultmemes!!

**u/twicedouble** (237 points)

You know what else you cannot afford to lose? The great deals on ladders I have for you. Care to listen to my presentation? It comes with a free tiny ladder.

**u/tsavorite4** (141 points)

Okay so I'm a little baked right now and I have got to say that this whole infiltration of a subreddit thing is absolutely fucking hilarious. And now the trebuchet's have taken over catapult's page? This is beyond epic

**u/Slendiepancake** (132 points)

We must win this case for the trebuchets

**u/splettnet** (120 points)

I'll be the guy that's standing within 300 meters of the court room, ready to "protest" the verdict.

**u/twicedouble** (110 points)

I sell ladders. Presentation over. Here’s your tiny ladder. *hands over ladder with keychain*

Here is my list of prices and styles:

Tiny novelty ladders: $1 each. Stock of 14 . 

Step ladders: $17 each. Stock of 0. 

Regular a-frame ladders: $30 each. Stock of 4.

Giant fire truck like ladders: $53 each. Stock of 2. 

Pair of heels that have ladders for the heels: $123 for the pair. Stock of 1. 

Thank you for choosing [Ladder Emporium](http://reddit.com/r/ladderemporium)!

**u/PsychoticEngineer** (109 points)

Filthy inferior weaponry. Probably can’t even launch 90kg projectiles over 300 meters

**u/crepperman32** (104 points)

ANGRY AT THE MODS? WANT TO JOIN THE MOB? WE'VE GOT YOU COVERED!

COME ON DOWN TO /r/pitchforkemporium
WE GOT 'EM ALL!

Traditional	Left Handed	Fancy
---E	Ǝ---	---{
WE EVEN HAVE DISCOUNTED CLEARANCE FORKS!

33% off!	66% off!	Manufacturer's Defect!
---F	---L	---e
NEW IN STOCK. DIRECTLY FROM LIECHTENSTEIN. EUROPEAN MODELS!

The Euro	The Pound	The Lira
---€	---£	---₤
HAPPY LYNCHING!
* some assembly required


─=≡Σᕕ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)ᕗ

**u/aelatalkstoomuch** (98 points)

https://imgur.com/a/2tug8us
If you say so

**u/twicedouble** (82 points)

Would you like to purchase a ladder?

**u/Paradoxic_Mouse** (77 points)

Sure

**u/twicedouble** (73 points)

Ladders help you get to hard to reach areas. 

I have a-frames, step ladders, long fire truck style ladders, mini novelty ladders.

**u/twicedouble** (71 points)

You know what would help you with the lynching? A nice ladder.

**u/twicedouble** (70 points)

It depends on what kind of ladder you want. Right now I’m out of step ladders. 

Tiny novelty ladders: $1 each. Stock of 15. 

Step ladders: $17 each. Stock of 0. 

Regular a-frame ladders: $30 each. Stock of 4.

Giant fire truck like ladders: $53 each. Stock of 2. 

Pair of heels that have ladders for the heels: $123 for the pair. Stock of 1. 

Thank you for choosing [Ladder Emporium](http://reddit.com/r/ladderemporium)!

**u/twicedouble** (64 points)

Your Honor, I’d like to introduce myself. I’m twicedouble, a ladder salesman, if you ever find yourself in need of a ladder just give me a call. *hands over card* And I’d appreciate it if you referred any of your friends in need to me. Make sure to tell them to say that you sent them. Ten referrals and you get a free step ladder.

**u/KingPhilipIII** (57 points)

I find myself in need of a ladder. Are they cheap?

**u/mflmani** (53 points)

I'm selling 90kg projectiles if you're interested.

**u/Hildy77** (51 points)

It wasn’t as much of a joke as it was an experiment. Frankly, we wanted to see what we could get away with at first, and we wanted to get the subreddit back on the forefront of news. 

With the current content that was coming out of the subreddit, it was not possible to even make it to the front page anymore, because it had been completely taken over by karma-whoring and the same repeated image posted over and over again. We needed something new.

As for Cars 2, the movie had always been a joke within the moderator group. Since we all have fond memories of the original, the disappointing and confusing sequel was the perfect subject of our social experiment: it was obscure enough to make it seem random, it was controversial enough to yield strong opinions (for or against), and it was innocent enough for wholesome content.

**u/wetnax** (44 points)

Do the mods weigh less than 90kg? Asking for a friend.

**u/EzeSharp** (43 points)

There was a man like you in Dark Souls 2.  I bought many ladders from him to climb into a scary out and as thanks he gave me a small ladder figurine.

**u/debaterthatchases** (42 points)

I can judge!

**u/Allah_Sheedy** (38 points)

You have any old VHS copies of "Jacob's Ladder"?
