# What was she planning to do to me?

**Sub:** r/LetsNotMeet  
**Author:** u/kennyc5576  
**Score:** 7,390  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/LetsNotMeet/comments/a28lc5/what_was_she_planning_to_do_to_me/  

---

One time I went to the bar with one of my friends. I had just turned 21 so I havent been to much bars up to that point. My friend was drinking on the way to the bar so he was already pretty drunk when we got there. When I sat at the bar a cute girl came and talked to me and my friend. She said her name was Candice and I noticed she had really really bright red hair. I assumed she dyed it. It was pretty, but unnatural. Anyways. 

This girl was flirting with me and my friend. She could tell my friend was already very drunk. To be honest I played along like I was drunk already too since it seemed to be working for my friend. I didnt know if she was just trying to get free drinks so I told her we didnt have much money. She offered to buy us drinks. She kept buying us drinks and I started to get confused as to who she liked between me and my friend. 

My friend went to the bathroom. Before he came back he was kicked out by the bouncers. He was too drunk. Candice and I went outside with him. She kept telling him to go home with her. He was so out of it he could barely answer her. I told her he was too drunk and that I couldnt let him go anywhere. I didnt want him to wake up hungover in some random house with no car and no idea what happened. 

Candice kept pushing it, saying that she would take care of him but I told her no because I had to stay with him, I was more sober than him he was my responsability. I told her the only way he was going anywhere was if I tagged along. I assumed she thought that I was jealous or cock blocking but my friend could barely stand and lost interest in Candice already at that point. She immediately started flirting with me and offered to get my friend a taxi to drive him home and said we could go to her place alone. 

At this point I had a few drinks and I was pretty buzzed so I agreed. We took my friend to the taxi and walked to her car. I slightly stumbled on the way to her car. "Wow youre pretty drunk huh?" She said smiling as she held held onto my arm "yea" i said. I dont know why but I just felt slightly shy and anxious. Everything was just happening too easy for me so I felt uneasy. We got in her car we drove down the street. "Wanna stop at the liquor store and get some more to drink? I'll buy it so dont worry about paying" she offered. 

I didnt want to drink anymore than I already did. I was already buzzed and wanted to be able to carry myself throughout the rest of the night. Sometimes I made myself look stupid when I'm drunk so I didnt wanna ruin anything with Candice more than I already did earlier with telling her my friend was too drunk. I told her I was already drunk enough but she insisted. I didnt wanna seem lame so I told her to get me a pint of liquor with some apple juice to chase it. 

She went in the store and came out with a lot more than just a pint. I assumed she wanted to drink more also and thats why she got a fifth instead of a pint. On the car ride we passed the bottle back and forth but she took tiny sips. I tried to take tiny sips but she kept passing me the bottle and telling me to drink. I somehow managed to drink all of my apple juice, and pretend to drink the bottle by spitting the liquor in the apple juice bottle. I tossed the apple juice bottle full of liquor out the window before she saw it. 

I didnt want her to know i was acting drunker than I was she actually believed I was sloppy drunk when I was simply buzzed. I took a couple more sips of liquor and finished the bottle. Throughout the car ride I called her the wrong name a couple of times to get a reaction out of her. She didnt react to it. She just kept letting me call her Carla without correcting me. For some reason I thought she lied to me about her name initially. We drove up to her house. I pretended to trip and stumble into her front door. 

She helped me walk inside by holding me up. She opened her front door, which was unlocked, we walked in her house, she closed her front door and then locked it. I thought that was strange but assumed she didnt want anyone walking in on us. I told her that I had to use the bathroom. I walked into her bathroom, locked the door and looked in the mirror. I just felt strange, i felt like something was off. I felt myself becoming more drunk from finishing the bottle ealier. I turned on the sink to make noise and made myself puke up the liquor I drank. I flushed and went to the sink and started drinking the tap water out of my hands to sober up. I just didnt want to be drunk but I still wanted to hook up with Candice so I wanted to pretend to be drunk.

I turned the sink off and I could hear her talking to someone "he's drunk as hell. He can barely stand up. You do it." Who was she talking to? And do what? I walked out of the bathroom and into the livingroom. The moment i stepped into the livingroom i saw her walking into another room. All i could see was the back of her head, that strange very bright red hair go into another room. I didnt see her face or anything. I just saw her kind of walk fast into the room. The livingroom was pretty dark. "Hey where you goin?" I slurred like I was drunk. She walked back into the dark livingroom and up to me "let's go in my room" she said.

I looked at her bright red hair and then into her eyes. They were different. Her face was different. It was another girl with the same hair. Thats when i realized. It was another girl with the same wig on. It was a wig the whole time. She had changed it with the girl from earlier for whatever reason. My heart felt like it stopped. But i tried to look like I had no idea it was a different girl. I kind of smiled at her and told her I just needed to use the bathroom one more time and told her sorry I was so drunk. She said "its fine just hurry up in there" i went into the bathroom and locked the door. I heard her whisper something to someone again this time I think I heard a male voice whisper back. 

I honestly didnt concentrate on listening to exactly what she said, something sketchy was going on and I had to get out of that house. I opened the bathroom window and jumped straight out of it and ran faster than I have ever ran in my life. I didnt look behind myself or anything. I just ran through the back yard, jumped the fence, ran through someone elses back yard, hit a road, and ran toward the main road. I kept running down the main road until i saw a star CVS I ran into the CVS and stood straight at the front of the store in front of the camera. I called a taxi and went home.

I try to think what happened that night. What was she, or they, planning that night? Why did she tell me a fake name? Why was she trying to get my friend and I so drunk? I thought maybe a robbery but she kept spending money on us. She kept buying us drinks and even paid for my friends taxi cab. And mostly, why did she wear a wig that she gave to another girl to wear? Who was she talking to? What did it mean? And what was in that room they tried to lure me into?


Edit: The next day after this incident I went back to the house with a couple of friends to see just what was going on. Nobody was there. No cars, no people, nothing. Just an empty house. I ended up finding out that the house was a summer rental and whoever those people were, they broke into that house and used it for only that night and never came back. The reason I'm even saying this is because of what recently happened.
