# Porn Actors Go Through Real Life Horror

**Sub:** r/LetsNotMeet  
**Author:** u/hop-off-my-dick-bro  
**Score:** 6,468  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/LetsNotMeet/comments/9ycby0/porn_actors_go_through_real_life_horror/  

---

I'll go ahead and be blunt. I make small, personal videos and upload them to a see platforms for a few bucks here and there. It isn't an ego thing, just a small hobby I find interesting.

My first month or two I uploaded most everything to a Tumblr account. I never made it onto huge cam shows or anything. It also allowed for messages that I occasionally replied to. That was my first mistake.

It went smooth for the first while. Until, i ended up getting a message for an account whos username was pretty much jargon. It was something pretty normal, "Looking for a boyfriend?" Which i promptly replied to with "No. Sorry! I'm in a relationship. I appreciate the offer though." He responded with a slurries of profanities. Now, this may seem like your typical "Nice guy" post but it gets worse.

Soon, i was getting more messages from a different account. It was graphic. He went into depth about he was going to stalk, and promptly assault me. It was sickening, but dropped it because it was on Tumblr and he couldn't possibly find me. That was wrong. 

Within the week, i was getting HUNDREDS of messages. I had to mute notifications because they blew up my phone. A unique message, which were all gross. They got worse, however. He detailed how he would study my behaviour to learn my nightmare and use it against me. At that point, i was angry but stuck. I couldn't fight back, so I ignored them. 

Sadly I made the mistake of posting my face at a diner in my hometown. It was a quick snapshot I had taken at a hole-in-the-wall restaurant and made a comment about the food. He took this as an invitation and reversed image searched it. I had also posted it to Facebook, which contained my hometown, school address, and personal life. 

He messaged me from an account with yet another nonsense name. That's how i knew i fucked up. He told me he knew where I was from because of the photo and Id regret rejecting him. I snapped and said I'd call the cops if he kept acting this way. 

Well, he didn't stop. He actually went the extra mile and headed to my home town. He showed up at my part time job. Lucky for me, i wasn't at work that day. Another co-worker came in contact with him, who begged for me to come to the front. He got angry when she refused to say when I would come in. Cops were called, Horny psycho finally arrested. The saddest part was when i was interviewed, I learned he had two children and a functioning marriage. His wife knew nothing of this behavior. 

I've gone through quite a few pervy incidents, but this one was by far the worst. 

So, Mr. Perv, let's not meet again
