# I was on someone's kill list

**Sub:** r/LetsNotMeet  
**Author:** u/SweatyEv  
**Score:** 5,732  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/LetsNotMeet/comments/hkyu06/i_was_on_someones_kill_list/  

---

After high school many years ago, I was in a bad place. My guardian had kicked me out after graduation. She didn’t help me find a place to stay, so I lived in my car for a couple months. I met some heavy metal dudes at work one day. I had seen them around town, and all my other friends knew who they were. Everyone loved them. We became friends over a couple months, and they offered for me to move in with them. I agreed. Looking back now, I wish I had just stayed in my car. 

My two main roommates were brothers, named ‘Andrew’ and ‘Seth’. They were in a band. They also believed in the occult and anything of that sort. I never really believed in that stuff, but I’m not one to tell someone what they should believe. They had let me live with them rent free for several months, so who was I to complain? Being the only female in a house full of young men, I was always looking over my shoulder. You never know who you can trust. Turns out I was right to worry. 

Over time, their friends started to stay with us for longer periods of time, sometimes weeks. Their friends were another group of brothers that they had gone to school with. There were 5 brothers in total, but only two stayed with us consistently. The younger brother, ‘Mark’, was very polite. He cleaned up after himself and always helped with the household chores. The other brother, ‘Adam’, had a laundry list of mental problems. He had apparently done some bad drugs back in the day, and it had developed into what seemed like psychosis of the religious sort. He had done time in prison for assaulting a woman with a bible. He would often look you in the eyes and tell you he could see how you would die. Once, he told me that I was possessed by a demon and I needed my soul cleansed.

Everyone in the house knew he had these problems, but he was their friend. They helped him through the hard times and gave him a place to stay. Otherwise, he would be on the streets. I was always on guard around him after the things he told me. No one else seemed to be as concerned as I was. They should have been. 

One day, I was sleeping and my phone rang. It was my boss. He asked if I could come into work an hour early. It was only 12pm, I was broke and had nothing better to do, so I said yes. I got up and began getting ready to leave. I walked out into the living room to see Mark and Andrew sitting on the couch, while Adam sat on the floor by the TV. He was watching scripture videos on youtube. Some real end of days shit. That was fairly common, so I went about my business. I said goodbye and left for work. 

My shift at work was almost complete, when the phone rang. My boss answered, handed the phone to me, and said,

“For you.”

I was just a cashier, so I assumed it was a friend that couldn’t reach me on my phone. I answered the phone and heard a man’s voice that I didn’t recognize.

“Hi, this is Detective Williams, something happened at your apartment today and we need you to come to the station to talk about it.”

I left work immediately. I had assumed one of the brothers had been arrested for drug dealing or something. I was very wrong. I got to the station and was buzzed in. An officer escorted me to a small, cold room with a camera. He gave me a bottle of water, and left me by myself for about 30 minutes. My mind was racing thinking about what could have happened. 

He came back in and informed me that Adam had stabbed and killed Andrew at around 1pm. I was shocked. I had just left the house an hour before it happened, and everything seemed fine. I asked if there had been a fight. The detective informed me that there hadn’t been a fight, and it seemed to have happened out of nowhere. I gave my statement to the police, and left with nowhere to go, still in shock and confused out of my mind. Our apartment was a crime scene, so I went to another friend's house to watch the news report, since the police wouldn’t give me any information on the case. 

Over the next couple of days the information began to be released. Adam hadn’t just stabbed Andrew once, not twice, but he had stabbed him over and over and nearly decapitated him. After the murder, he ran down the road, still holding the murder weapon. He called 911 and informed them what he had done. I watched the news report in horror. We had known he was unstable, but *this?* He had fully confessed to the brutal murder, and provided police with his notebooks. He had apparently been planning to murder all of his brothers, my roommates, and me. He thought we were possessed by demons, and this was the only way to free us. Luckily none of his other intended victims were there that day. Mark unfortunately witnessed the murder, but he luckily escaped. If I hadn't gotten that call from my boss, I wouldn’t be alive today.

So, to the man who brutally murdered my friend, and wanted to murder me, let’s never meet again.
