# I was kidnapped as a child.

**Sub:** r/LetsNotMeet  
**Author:** u/throwaway-exrac  
**Score:** 5,546  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/LetsNotMeet/comments/da3ivo/i_was_kidnapped_as_a_child/  

---

(UPDATED)


I'm a girl. My mom was a horrible addict. She barely took care of me as a kid. At the time of this incident I was around 6 or 7 so my awareness and understanding of things happening may not totally make much sense. This happened in the 90s.


One night my mother and I were on a car ride, I wasn't sure why we were driving but it was late at night, I'm not sure what time it was but I assume it was really late because there weren't many cars on the street and I was sleeping in the back seat. I don't even remember getting in the car. My mom drove up to some sketchy house and left me in the car for what felt like forever. Suddenly the car door swung open and someone violently grabbed me by my arm and yanked me out of the car. I started screaming and crying until the man that grabbed me looked in my eyes and said "be quiet and don't try to run or I'll kill you" he had a scruffy beard and looked like a mad man. I was scared to death so I listened. He held me tight by my arm, shut the car door, and walked with me down the street. I looked back at the house my mom was in hoping that my mom would come out the last second and save me. I looked at the house as long as I could as the man dragged me further and further away. As we walked down the street I wanted to cry but I was in shock and in fear. I didn't know what to do. If I sniffled or cried the man would tighten his grip and yell at me. I can't even explain how scared and confused I was. We walked for a little while and ended up in the projects. The projects were a bunch of buildings crammed together in a shitty neighborhood. We walked into one of the buildings and walked up a flight of stairs. My legs and feet hurt like hell but I was too scared to stop moving or complain. We walked up another flight of stairs when I saw some random guy smoking a cigarette in the stairway. 


Then without warning the guy that kidnapped me fell to the ground. It happened so fast. I didn't know how the kidnapper fell to the ground so fast but the next thing I remember is the Cigarette guy was ounching and kicking the kidnapper in his head and face. The kidnapper was out cold. Cigarette guy picked up the kidnapper by the back of his jacket and threw him down the stairs. You have no idea how scary and violent it is to see an unconscious man fall down the stairs. To this day I still have a fear of falling down stairs. He bled everywhere.

I still have no idea how Cigarette guy knew to help me but I'm glad he did. Maybe he could see tears in my eyes, maybe he just picked up on something and had a bad vibe, but he acted instantly. The first second he could, he attacked my would-be kidnapper. Cigarette guy starts pacing back and forth swearing at himself, gritting his teeth and clenching his fists. I thought he was mad at me so I started to cry. He looked at me and said. "Okay okay okay okay shut up shut up" he had an attitude so I listened to him out of fear. I wasn't as scared of Cigarette guy as much as the bearded guy but I was still in fear of him. He started to ask me questions with an attitude "why are you out this late? Where are your parents? Why would you talk to strangers?" I was in so much shock and confusion I couldn't answer the man's questions correctly. He asked if I knew my way home and I told him I didn't. I told him a broken story about what happened and somehow with the information I gave him he knew where my mom's car was. The only thing I remember about the road is passing a house with Christmas lights on it despite Christmas already being over. I think he knew the area well enough and figured out where I needed to go from that information but I honestly don't even remember telling him about the Christmas lights. Anyways he told me he would take me back if I promised over and over that I wouldn't tell the police that I saw him or anyone that looked like him and made me promise that I wouldn't even tell the police anything. He had an attitude I didn't care what he asked me I just wanted to go back to my mom so I agreed. 


I followed him down the stairs. The bearded guy was still laying on the ground bleeding at the bottom of the stairs that Cigarette guy threw him down. He wasn't moving at all, for all I know he was dead and I hope now that he was. Cigarette guy stepped over the bearded guy and I followed. We walked outside and Cigarette guy looked around panicky. I remember him telling me "the police don't like me". We walked out of the projects and my feet still hurt. Cigarette guy was walking fast in a panic and I had to basically jog to keep up with him. I started crying and he asked what was wrong I told him my feet hurt and I remember him sucking his teeth and picking me up with an attitude. He awkwardly cradled me in both arms. He walked down the road for a moment. Then I remember him swearing and running behind a house or a building. A cop car was driving down the road, he put me down and told me to run to the police car. I tried to run but my legs could barely move and I was scared. The cop car kept driving and rode away without seeing me before I could even get remotely close to it. He kept swearing to himself as he picked me up again and ran down the street. He took me behind a lot of houses and hid from every cop car that drove by, I assume now that the police were looking for me. He carried me in both arms running fast down the road when I saw my mom at her car in the distance. She was surrounded by police. Cigarette guy put me down and told me to run to the police. I got so excited the pain in my legs disappeared. He put me down and ran away.


I ran towards the police and my mom, my mom picked me up and hugged me tight. The police started to ask me and my mom questions. I dont remember too much about their questions but I remember my mom telling the police some convoluted story that just didn't make any sense. She basically told me to not say anything and I didn't say much but cried a whole bunch. We went home. Days later my dad picked me up and knew something was wrong. I told him everything. I never lived with my mom again.


When I grew up and had time to think about that day I never forgave my mother. Not too long ago I asked my dad what he remembers about the situation and he told me what he thinks happened from what I explained to him from years ago. He said my mom was on a drug binge, I got kidnapped, someone saved me but the person that saved me had warrants and wasn't mad at me he was just frustrated with the situation that he had to deal with. Imagine being a criminal on the run and now you have a kidnapped girl with you and you just beat a guy up half to death. If he would have gotten caught with me he could be in jail for my kidnapping. With my mom lying and me being in shock and confused I wouldn't be able to tell them that the man helped me because while it was all happening I didn't even notice he was helping me. To the man that saved me thanks. To the man that tried to kidnap me, let's not meet.


UPDATE 
I think I found "Cigarette Guy" someone on reddit knows a man with a similar story. I hope both people are the same. So far it looks like it's the same man that saved me. I'll keep everyone posted.

Update 2-
I need help. My update post was removed by the mods. I don't want to break any of the rules on here so how do I keep everyone updated without getting my posts removed?

Update 3-
I finally received confirmation. I found Cigarette guy! Die to the rules of this subreddit I can't keep posting updates, so I'll update people on my reddit profile.
