# Stalked by a female solo camper for several days while on our mountain camping honeymoon.

**Sub:** r/LetsNotMeet  
**Author:** u/aHostileApostle  
**Score:** 4,992  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/LetsNotMeet/comments/exl7aw/stalked_by_a_female_solo_camper_for_several_days/  

---

It was the summer of 2016 and I had just married my long time girlfriend. Over the course of our 12 year relationship we had travelled to the mountains several times in both summer and winter for camping but also to stay in nice mountain hotels and snowboard the slopes. Naturally, we both agreed this was how we wanted to spend the first few weeks of our marriage. We booked a 20 day stay at a mountainside campground on the other side of the country. We also decided to bring our dogs with us as they too love being outdoors and we generally bring them camping anyway. After two days of road tripping we had arrived, quickly set-up and settled in for a good long stay on the mountain. It was beautiful. 


A couple of days into our trip and we had already met a bunch of fellow campers. We are very experienced campers so we generally attract a lot of attention from novice campers asking for tools or supplies as they see we are well set up. We are usually more than happy to help people get situated if they need matches, cream or sugar, or help setting up their equipment.  


It was day four or five when “she” first made her presence known to us. I will refer to this person as “she” or “her” as we never learned her name. We were sitting down under the shade of the large pine tree at the edge of our site, drinking beers and playing cards when she seemingly appeared out of no where. She was just suddenly right there! “Can I pet your dog?,” she said. Even my dogs didn’t see her approach as the very sound of her voice triggered them into a startled frenzy. As the dogs were worked up already, I politely told her no. Then she just stood there, at the edge of our site. Didn’t say a word. Just stood there sort of existing but not really doing anything. She wasn’t exactly staring at us or looking at anything in particular. I asked her if she needed anything and she said no. After a few minutes she walked off. 


I work with people with brain injuries so I’ve had my fair share of experiences with unusual behaviours including people with poor social skills so I wasn’t about to write this person off as creepy just yet, but she had my attention. I casually watched her walk off and enter a campsite across the path and a few sites down from ours. There was already a small tent setup in the site, but she proceeded to pull an even smaller single person tent from her backpack and began setting it up. The day prior we saw two young girls set up the other tent and were clearly the occupants of the site. There was no further interaction with “her” that day although we did notice that the owners of the other tent on the site were not around at all that day and we didn’t see them return that night. 


Well, the next morning I am walking to the camp showers to clean up for the day. As I walk past her site, I see she is sitting in her little tent reading a book. The door to the tent is open. I pay no attention and keep on my way to take my shower. When I’m done my shower and walking back I notice her tent is now closed but it’s jiggling about so I know someone is in there. Then she made her presence known in a big way. Just as I am approaching her site on the way to mine, she unzips her tent and I immediately see that she is completely nude. She then positions herself just inside the tent at the door and lets out this over the top full body stretch and held her arms way up the sky while pushing her chest forward like it was some kind of mating ritual designed just for me. While she does this she lets out what I only describe as an exotic moan. It was pretty obvious she was putting on a show for me. I continue on my way to my site and tell my wife about the display I had just been witness too. We both laughed it off and moved on with our plans to day hike a good trail to a waterfall. 


The trailhead for this hike was accessible from the campgrounds so we didn’t have to drive to get there. We just walked the additional two kilometres to the trail. We walked at a good pace so when we got to the trail we decided to stop for a few minutes and take some photos of the surrounding mountains before heading into the thicker bush. After sitting there for maybe five minutes while my wife is taking pictures, “she” emerges from the trail that leads towards the campground. At first I thought, ok coincidence, she’s staying here and this is a pretty common trail. But then she sees that I see her and she stops dead in her tracks and just stands there. Same demeanour as our first encounter. Just standing, not doing anything in particular but also sending creep vibes our way. This was the first time I said to my wife, “I think we have a stalker!”  Confused, my wife then looks to where I’m looking and is immediately a little creeped out. Once again I think, whatever maybe she’s just hiking the trail no big deal.


So we continue on the trail at a good pace and she maintains a consistent distance behind us. Our dogs at this point are a little distracted by her and our youngest dog keeps turning around to watch her. I got a little fed up with the dog constantly stopping to look back so I decided we will stop for some water and let this woman pass. Well what does she do, but fucking stop walking when we stop and once again just stands there. 


Ok so now we are genuinely concerned because this is approaching horror / suspense movie creep level and I start to wonder what this girls intentions are. Standing motionless at that distance and refusing to pass us just ramped up the oh shit factor to about nine. So my wife and I agree to just giver and cut the hike short by taking the shorter loop which was only another half kilometre ahead, and head back to our camp. We managed to get some distance between us by jogging every time we would make a turn and she was out of sight. We didn’t see her again until later that night. 


That night my wife decided to take an evening shower at the camp showers. When she returned to our camp she tells me our stalker was in the bathrooms also taking a shower. This time however she was with two other girls and appeared to be getting ready for a night at the club. There is a nearby ski town that has a few night clubs and bars so it was reasonable to see the girls getting ready for a night out. The two girls she was with were the two we saw previously set up at her site. My wife explains that she quickly picked up on the fact that the two girls and our stalker friend were not well known to each other. It was clear that the two girls were close friends with plans to go out partying, and our stalker was making an attempt to be friends and sort of invited herself to join them in their night out.  


Now we know the ski town well, and the girls kept reinforcing that they were meeting at a specific restaurant before going to the bar. It was currently 10:30pm and we know the restaurant they were telling her to go to was closed at 10:00pm. They were lying to her about their plans. The stalker kept asking them too, “are you sure this place, are you sure?” They convinced her, and she then left to her tent to finish getting ready while the two friends stayed in the bathroom to finish their makeup. 


My wife went on to explain how after “she” left the two friends were mocking and making fun of our stalker. They were young 20 something’s acting like little girls in elementary school. My wife has no time for that, creepy stalker or not she had to say something to the girls for their behaviour. My wife calls them out on their behaviour. Well, putting all the caddy bitch bullying aside, the girls explained to my wife that the stalker girl had set up her tent on their site when they were staying with a friend in the ski town. When they returned they found her living at their site without invitation. She had just taken it upon herself to take a little corner of their site without knowing them at all. The girls said they were upset with her and trying to make her feel uncomfortable so she would leave, but she wouldn’t leave. Of course my wife asked them why they didn’t just report her to the park warden. The excuse they gave was they were leaving the next day and didn’t want to make a huge deal out it. 


So whatever happened between them and the fake late dinner plans and clubbing is unknown to us. About 3:00am that same night we are all awoken to a blood curdling scream right outside our camper. At first I was like “holy shit that must be a wild animal.” My wife is trembling, dogs barking, and I am startled but curious. I peel back the window cover to see “her,” standing motionless on the path outside our trailer. I had the window cover down maybe 8-10 centimetres when she appears to make direct eye contact with me. My heart rate is jacked. What the actual fuck. After gazing in my general direction for what seemed like an eternity, she calmly turns around and walks to her tent. I go make sure our trailer is locked. After a good hour, and a stiff whiskey we manage to get back to sleep.


So the next day is a Friday we have friends from a nearby major city coming up the mountains to spend the weekend with us. We haven’t seen them in a while so we are excited for a couple days together. Well they are not at our site for 15 minutes, and as they are setting up their tent, “she” mysteriously appears out of nowhere yet again. Like bam there she is, but now this time she is actually in our site. I hadn’t had a chance to tell our friends about her before she arrived so they were a little more friendly then I was. She asks me once again if she can pet my dog, who during all of this is barking at her. I think I said something like  “she isn’t being very friendly towards you right now so I would prefer if you didn’t.”  She didn’t pet my dog but she also just stood there starting at me like she was considering how she would dismember my limbs. 


“She” then notices our friends tent brand as he is still setting it up and comments on how it’s the same model as hers although a larger sleeping capacity. My buddy has picked up on the creep vibes and my general displeasure with her presence so just gives her the, “oh ya cool,” and keeps setting it up. Well she starts grabbing at the tent pegs and picks up the hammer and says she will help him set it up cause she has experience with it. My buddy declines and asks for his tools back. Cue the fucking psychopath stare down but this time she has a hammer in hand, adding to the oh shit factor. She literally just drops everything right there and runs off. I go on to explain the last few days to our friends and they agree we need to keep an eye on her. 


So by this time the two girl friends who’s site she had hijacked were packed up and gone. It’s now Friday night and we’ve been drinking all day so we’re feeling pretty good. It’s maybe about 11:00pm when “she” walks over to our site again. She says, “Hey, you guys seem to have a lot of extra room with the tent and the camper, do you think I could stay with you guys tonight? We could have a lot of fun in there together.” My buddy is feeling pretty good from all the day beers so he’s pretty forward when he reply’s, “ Did you just propose a gang bang to us?” Now this whole time I’m just sitting in my camp chair with my whiskey taking this all in. She wasn’t really taking notice to me at all so far. Then, she smiles, turns her head and looks directly down at me and says, “I like your friend!” She then turns around and walks away into the darkness of the night towards the forest. What! The! Fuck! 


We are all now terrified she is going to return. I decided right then and there if we see her again in a creepy fashion I am calling the park warden. This is getting silly. 


Well the night is winding down so we all decide to walk together to the bathrooms to clean up for bed. My wife pulls on my hoodie and says, “babe...look!” I look over to see that the site she was setup on is completely destroyed. Shit everywhere. Just stuff, garbage, clothing, food. Everywhere. I thought ok this is weird, could this have been a bear. No we would have heard it. I then notice that the tent is gone. She is gone and left the site a complete mess. As luck would have it the park patrol was completing their fire rounds and were at the messed up site when we were returning from the bathrooms. We told them there was a girl staying on her who was acting erratic and we suspected she was squatting on the site based on our conversation with the two girls from earlier in the week. 


We didn’t see her again for the rest of our trip until the last full day. There is a great little lookout point not far from our site which has amazing views of the river and valley below and it was a perfect evening to see the sunset behind the mountains! It was a lovely final send off to an otherwise beautiful honeymoon. Just when we thought we were done with “her” she emerged once again from seemingly nowhere. We were sitting on a couple chairs that are bolted in place at the viewpoint, taking pictures of the valley below. As my wife is looking throw the camera viewfinder she picks up on the woman in the distance. She is standing the in woods a little ways down mountain towards the valley. Watching us!


As her final act, she walked up the mountainside, and sat right beside us on a boulder that was beside the chairs. She says nothing.  Just sits there. My wife has the brilliant idea of asking me to take one last picture of the scenery and she gives me a little wink. I pick up on her idea right away and I position myself so this woman is going to be in the picture.  My wife wanted this lady’s photo in the event something bad happens with her before we can leave the area. We took our final looks out at the beautiful scenery and headed to our camp for the night. We didn’t see or hear from “her” again. 


Upon reflection we agreed this woman had some serious mental health issues obviously. She had zero social skills, and we did witness her attempt to make friends with those two girls that shafted her in a terrible way. That being said, she did things way beyond the realm of acceptable social awkwardness. There were moments I though she would pull out a knife and kill us all where we stood. More than that, the stalking, the midnight screaming and running off into the woods at night was terrifying to us and I feel a story worthy of this sub.  I do have the photo on a thumb drive somewhere and will see about uploading a pixelated photo if it’s appropriate. To anyone else the picture just looks like a person is sitting in the shot. But to us, it’s a reminder of our wild adventure and start of our amazing marriage. 


To our honeymoon stalker....Lets Not Meet ever again!


Edit: 

After much consideration I have decided to add the link to the photo! I didn’t anticipate this post getting this amazing response. The discussions have been polarizing and I really appreciate the comments from both sides. Those that down right find this story unnerving and creepy, and those who feel I mishandled this by misinterpreting her intentions. 

I was apprehensive to post a photo as I don’t like the idea of posting pictures online of a person I agree has some form of mental health issues. I don’t want to exploit her afflictions, and it’s not my intention to shame her. That being said, a few factors influenced my decision to post the photo link. Namely, you cannot see her face or otherwise identify this individual by this photo. I also referenced the photo in the story and don’t want to back-peddle on that after receiving so many requests for the photo. 

As I said, the photo is unremarkable and she looks like a typical mid 20s something. I have found it interesting that people will associate her behaviour with her appearance. If you were hoping for The Grudge meets The Ring, you will be disappointed. To us however, the normalcy of her appearance made her behaviour throughout the trip seem even more creepy. 

In a bold attempt not to disappoint, but also likely to offend some, I present to you....”Her!” ⬇️


[The Picture](https://imgur.com/a/VKWePbc)
