# I Was Someone Else's letsnotmeet

**Sub:** r/LetsNotMeet  
**Author:** u/Sip_of_Sunshine  
**Score:** 4,957  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/LetsNotMeet/comments/bejjnw/i_was_someone_elses_letsnotmeet/  

---

This was years ago but I still tell this story to friends any time I get the chance. I was the baddie in someone's Let's Not Meet.


When I was in high school, I entered a relationship with a very close friend named Ivory. After Ivory and I broke up, we stayed good friends. When Ivory's birthday came around, she asked me to come to the birthday party she was having. 

The first leg of the evening was at a restaurant I'd never been to a few towns over. Afterward, we would all return to a mutual friend's house for beverages and relaxation. One of Ivory's friends had volunteered to drive us all to the restaurant, but I'd heard plenty of stories about her terrible driving. As a result, I opted to cheuffur myself in my luxurious minivan. Yes, I drove a minivan in highschool. Ivory's friend told me 7pm, so at 7pm my black ass rolled into the parking lot. I called Ivory to let her know I had arrived, but they were just leaving. I overheard Ivory tell her friend "If you tell Sip_of_Sunshine 7, he's *there* at 7." This all meant I had about a half hour of boredom before I'd have company.

Being the introvert I am, I decided not to go inside and wait like a normal person. Instead, I decided to listen to whatever angsty music I was into at the time--probaly Heartbeat by Childish Gambino. Moreover, I also didn't park right near the restaurant. The restaurant was located in a plaza, a strip with several other stores along either side. For some reason, I thought it'd be weird for patrons to see me just sitting there like some waiting weirdo. Instead, I parked at the far end of the plaza by a supermarket. I could still see the restaurant, and there were fewer cars on this side of the parking lot. 

Five minutes goes by, I'm rapidly switching through songs. Ten minutes goes by, I'm bored like a piece of pine in a woodshop class. Out of the abyssal silence of boredom, I felt the hum of a text come through. Ivory had texted me, thank God, a brief reprieve from this boredom.

As I'm composing a response, I get this weird feeling. You know that feeling like someone is watching you, like you can almost *hear* their eyes? I felt something unnerving, so I looked up from the glow of my phone into the darkness before me.

What I saw was a family of 4. There was a woman, her husband, and their two children. All four were looking at me intensely. The woman was standing in front of her two children with her hands outstretched as though to shield them from a proleptic and palpable existential danger. The look in her eyes was of sheer horror, like a waiter had asked her "is Pepsi ok?" I have never seen such utter panic so visible on someone's face, and I once had to physically intervene to prevent an armed assailant from attacking someone. 

The woman slowly creeped forward, family inching behind her. She began moving toward the driver side, closer to me with each step, and with each step, her terror rising. At this point, I'm beginning to panic because I have no clue why this woman and her family are snarling at me so aggressively--did they mistake me for Ajit Pai? 

Without warning, the husband says something I could not hear through the glass. He extends his arm and points to my left. His wife, children, and I all simultaneously follow his hand. He was pointing five spots to the left of my car where an almost identical one sat. The mother threw her head back in a single burst of laughter as she unlocked *her* car. 

This family left the grocery store to find a black teen dressed in all black sitting in their car. He then proceeded to maintain eye contact for what felt like an eternity. My perplexed expression likely appeared as a more sinister one, especially in the crepuscular light. I'm just glad they realized where *their* car was before anyone got hurt or police got called.

So, family who thought I was in their car at night, I promise we totally can meet! I'm actually a really nice guy who doesn't steal cars.


Tldr; Family thought I was stealing their car because I was sitting in my car to pass the time. Pretty sure the panic literally shaved years off that poor woman's life.

Edit: I just want to thank everyone for being so encouraging about my writing. You all inspired me to take it seriously as a hobby. I'm sure you'll see me around on some writing subreddits. You lot are truly wonderful.
