# Guy at a bar roofies my beer and tries to convince my friends to let me go home with him

**Sub:** r/LetsNotMeet  
**Author:** u/WhimsyMoth  
**Score:** 4,927  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/LetsNotMeet/comments/b4jbsu/guy_at_a_bar_roofies_my_beer_and_tries_to/  

---

Last night my friends, my crush and I agreed to meet at my favorite bar after work. I was a bit early since I got to leave work 30 minutes early so I went inside and ordered a beer for myself.

There was a huge, muscular guy with a long ass ponytail sitting at the bar and the seat next to him was empty. He offered me to sit down so I did. We had some smalltalk and he seemed nice enough. Just asked me why I'm all alone and he kept talking about how I looked so uneasy and nervous and that I should relax. It was weird but he had an almost empty bottle of vodka in front of him so I really didn't think anything of it.

My friends finally arrived just as I finished my first beer and we went to sit at a table. I had 3 more bottles of beer and we were having a great time. Whenever I went to the toilet, that guy from the bar was there, asking me if I was ok. That was pretty strange but at the time I felt just a little tipsy and everything was alright.

At some point I started to feel sick so I went outside to have a cigarette and get some cold air. The guy followed me outside and asked if I was alright. I was starting to get weirded out at that point. The bar was super full but he really seemed to watch me all night...

I went back inside, ordered a glass of water and told my friends that I wasn't feeling well and would be going home. They all offered to bring me home which I am so darn grateful for looking back.

I took a sip of water and then it all just hit me. I ran outside and threw up. I could barely stand up all of a sudden so I sat down on a staircase and kept throwing up. My friends found me a few minutes later and kept arguing about whether they should take me to a taxi or carry me home. Then the guy from the bar showed up. He kept saying that he lives just down the street and that I could sleep on his couch. My coworker who is basically like an older brother to me, got really pissed and told that guy to fuck off. 

They forced me to stand up which was almost impossible at that point and somehow dragged me to my friend's place where I went to sleep hugging a bucket and feeling like I was gonna die any second.

This morning I wasn't able to stand up for hours. When I did, it resulted in instant vomiting. It was 1pm when I finally managed to go to the train station, get something to eat and drink and head home. I'm still shaking and sweating and everything looks blurry.

So weird guy from the bar, I hope we never ever meet again and I hope you won't be doing this to other girls.
