# You don't like your boyfriend seeing me bra-less in the dorm? Then he won't!

**Sub:** r/pettyrevenge  
**Author:** u/someusername47  
**Score:** 64,072  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/qr60h1/you_dont_like_your_boyfriend_seeing_me_braless_in/  

---

I live in a college dorm on an all-female floor. I usually wear a bra if leaving the dorm building, but I'm not going to put on a bra under my shirt just to walk down the hall to the bathroom.

A few days ago, I left my room and walked 10 yards down the hall to the water fountain, refilled my water bottle, and went back to my room. I was wearing a white tank top and no bra (the tank top was fitted but not see through, so you could only see the outline of my nips). There was a small group of people hanging out in the hall outside a few of the rooms, but I didn't think much of it... until around half an hour later, when I got a knock on the door from one of the girls I'd seen in the hall.

She said something to the effect of "Hey, so sorry to ask you this, but if you go out into the hall again could you put a bra on? My boyfriend's out there and he was staring a little, so..." 

I'm super non-confrontational, so I was like "Yeah, sure, sorry about that!" and for the rest of that night, anytime I left my room I put a bra or sweater on. 

And that was the end of it. Or so I thought.

The next day, my roommate told me she'd overheard the girl telling a few of her friends about the incident while in the bathroom. She said the girl was making it sound like I'd been purposely trying to seduce her boyfriend, wearing basically nothing, taking my time at the water fountain, posing to push out my tits, the whole works. When she left the bathroom, my roommate said the girl was actually acting it out at the water fountain, pretending to be me. 

That night, I passed the girl and some of her friends on my way to go brush my teeth (I wasn't wearing a bra, I was already in pajamas). The girl looked pointedly down at my chest and all of them started giggling.

But the last straw was when the entire dorm got an email from the RA yesterday, saying she'd gotten some anonymous complaints about people dressing inappropriately in the hallways and asking that we all just make sure we're keeping things covered up.

So here's where I got my petty little revenge:

I knew that the girl's boyfriend doesn't go to college here (the girl and I were in the same orientation group and chatted a bit back then). I also knew that due to the pandemic, we aren't allowed to have non-student/family guests in the dorms this year.

So I used the same anonymous complaint form to issue a complaint about people bringing their off-campus boyfriends into our dorm and them not wearing a mask (masks are mandatory in the hallways, although not frequently enforced.) 

This morning, the RA emailed again saying that due to anonymous complaints, they'd be enforcing the no off-campus guests rule by checking IDs of unfamiliar guests to make sure they were students from then on.

Really, this girl should be thanking me. If she was concerned about her boyfriend seeing the vague outline of my tits in the dorm hallways, she no longer needs to worry!

---

## Top Comments

**u/JvaughnJ** (12,316 points)

I’m also pretty petty. I have to tell you that before I got to the end, I was thinking if it were me I would walk down the hall in my bra, but with no shirt. I mean hey, it’s wearing a bra, which is technically what she asked for.

**u/stephenBB81** (8,144 points)

University is totally where I built up that kinda confidence.  

Remember she was threatened by how you look,  so you look good.  use this incident to build your confidence.  Every time you're questioning yourself,  look in the mirror and realize a girl was worried her boyfriend was going to leave her for you because you walked to the water fountain.

**u/lorienne22** (6,294 points)

I like how him looking at your tits is somehow means you need to correct your behavior. That bitch is nuts.

**u/someusername47** (5,423 points)

Ha! If I had the confidence, I totally would have!

**u/[deleted]** (1,551 points)

Marry me

**u/ShowMeTheTrees** (1,285 points)

&gt;That bitch is nuts.

add "insecure" and "immature".

**u/mellykill** (1,252 points)

“Why are you worried about your boyfriends reaction to my tits? Can he not control himself? Is he a predator or something?”

**u/airial** (1,008 points)

Nipples through a shirt seen down a HALLWAY. 

wait til this girl finds out about porn

**u/queen_for_the_day** (772 points)

This is the answer!  Others behavior is not your responsibility.

**u/SluttyGandhi** (754 points)

Exactly!  Own it, OP.

**u/fc7777fc** (637 points)

I'd like to see this girl's response to the girls who would walk to and from the showers in just their towel when I dormed.

Or me, who doesn't even wear a bra to class.

**u/bignicky222** (461 points)

I like this but instead of put it on the boyfriend. Why are you worried about your boyfriend is he not satisfied in his relationship.

**u/AnnOnimiss** (455 points)

Listen to Slutty Gandhi OP!

**u/Formerhurdler** (410 points)

No shirt, bra on your head.

Wearing a bra.

Just sayin' 😁

**u/BulgeKhalifa** (407 points)

This is 100% the correct take. She also seems to be trying to assert herself as the dominant one, which I'm guessing she thinks is necessary to avoid losing her BF. OP, make sure you take that in as well. She has to result to care tactics to have the upper hand, meanwhile you can just be yourself and be a significant threat.

**u/O_O_2EZ** (378 points)

Based on the title I honestly though you were just going to go fully naked tbh.

**u/TurkeyPhat** (377 points)

go for gold kid

**u/Vailoftears** (370 points)

In a DORM! Who’s gonna put on a bra to pee in the middle of the night?

**u/BullCityPicker** (309 points)

I don't think I've ever seen a relationship up close where one person was extremely jealous, and it didn't end badly.   That poor dude.  You know she's the sort who goes through his phone, and questions him about where he was.

**u/Bensaboss014** (300 points)

Gotta love that she got mad at you instead of the boyfriend that was staring. What kind of boyfriend stares at someone else’s boobs right in front of his gf?

**u/CielRouge74** (297 points)

I do.  But I'm a guy, so might not be relevant.

**u/Intrepid-Lynx** (281 points)

Nipples through a shirt?! Next you’ll tell us you regularly flash your ankles to nobility, you utter harlot!!

**u/GuadDidUs** (246 points)

For real.  I look at nips in the wild and I'm a hetero woman.  Not going to get all bent out of shape if my husband looks at nips.
