# You wanna try to take 9" of our property? We will take 20' of yours

**Sub:** r/pettyrevenge  
**Author:** u/kingofzdom  
**Score:** 57,298  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/1f88gyc/you_wanna_try_to_take_9_of_our_property_we_will/  

---

We have lived in our house for about 8 years in a rural neighborhood in Arizona. 

About a year ago this dude from California bought the lot next to us and threw a fit about the stuff we had on the property line. We had put a single fence pole vaguely where the property line was (we hadn't had any sort of land survey done, it was supposed to just be a temporary marker that became a perminant marker) 

Dude was absolutely livid that we had vehicles parked "on his property" (they very tip of one of our cars was touching the established boundary) 

He threatened to have our vehicle towed. So we simply had an actual land survey done and it turned out the property line was a good 20' into his property. Homeboy should have just let sleeping dogs lie and not been an asshole about a few inches.

---

## Top Comments

**u/chx_** (553 points)

I was born in Hungary, moved to Canada in 2008 but my brother remained (until 2020... but I digress). Long story short, we couldn't find a school for his kids so we made a tiny one (yes). I bought a truly decrepit house for it , it stood empty for fifteen years and so the neighbor was used to doing his own thing. One day the kids kicked the ball behind his ("his") hedge and the guy yelled at them when they came to collect them.

Do. not. yell. at. my. kids. 

I called a surveyor and became one hedge and some land richer...

**u/AbeRego** (247 points)

More likely that it just got lost to time. My brother got a survey done at his new house because they want to build new garage. The discovered that the neighbor's fence is slightly over the property line, which he doesn't really care about. Growing up, the neighbors at my parents' house installed a fence that we later learned was also on our property. They had it moved at the owner's expense when the house sold. So, these things seem to happen all the time.

**u/OutAndDown27** (14 points)

"I assumed that was the property line just like my neighbor did, but then my friend was telling me this crazy story she read online and that made me think maybe I should also get a survey done."

**u/dingo_eaten_baby** (3 points)

Fuck californians, california and everything related (mostly). Parts of Norther California amd a few indovidual exemptions apply of course.

**u/AlwaysGypsy** (3 points)

How did you get into doing it just out of curiosity if you dont mind me asking

**u/ericlikesyou** (2 points)

Holy crap! That's quite the discrepancy xD

Yes I'm definitely a suburbian boy, I can see how 20' would be nothing when you are taking that much land into account.

**u/kingofzdom** (2 points)

We got the beginnings of the new fence started when a bunch of other unrelated shit happened. Now I'm helping a different neighbor urgently finish building his house before winter comes.

**u/[deleted]** (2 points)

Love this. Did they stop with the lights?

**u/[deleted]** (2 points)

Not nearly loud enough

**u/micspar** (1 points)

This is such a satisfactory outcome for all of us who have been victims to these types of neighbors

**u/NO-MAD-CLAD** (1 points)

Please tell me you had a fence put up exactly on that new property line.

Like a 50 ft tall fence that blocked the morning sun from his home /s

**u/NO-MAD-CLAD** (1 points)

LOL, love this! Just enough to fuck up his mower if he doesn't pay close attention.

**u/NO-MAD-CLAD** (1 points)

You Madlad

**u/dilligaf_84** (1 points)

Take my poor man’s award 🥇 for the use of “dingus”  - haven’t heard anyone else use that in years! 😂

**u/itcheyness** (1 points)

Give them an inch, and they'll take a mile...

**u/oldbaldpissedoff** (1 points)

This is why you always have a survey as a stipulation of sale before closing. It's amazing to me how many people move the property marker thinking nobody is ever going to question it ..

**u/SnooWords4839** (1 points)

This is why everyone should always have a survey and a copy of the plot that is filed with the town.

Glad he lost even more space; I hope you put a fence down that line.

**u/Key-Article6622** (1 points)

Naw, cast iron
