# Neighbor took my parking spot after I shoveled. I poured water in his windshield.

**Sub:** r/pettyrevenge  
**Author:** u/topathemornin  
**Score:** 55,303  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/rldkud/neighbor_took_my_parking_spot_after_i_shoveled_i/  

---

It was a cold winter day. 8 inches of snow had fallen the night before, and the windchill made it feel as if it were in the negatives (Fahrenheit). I drive an all wheel drive SUV so I have no issues getting out. My wife on the other hand drives a Prius, which slides with the smallest amount of moisture on the road. 

My car was down at the time, so we had to take my wife’s car. I spent 45 minutes in the freezing cold shoveling that car out so we could get to the store. We were gone for an hour, and when we came back, our neighbor had taken the spot I had shoveled. 

Our apartment complex doesn’t have assigned parking, but in the winter, it’s understood that if you shovel a spot, it’s yours. So when I saw his car in the spot I had just shoveled, I was pretty pissed. 

I went inside and filled two gallon jugs of water. Went back out and poured them on his windshield. Rinse and repeat. I must have poured about ten gallons of water on his car. Being how cold it was, it was already freezing by the time I poured the last gallon on. It sat like that overnight. 

The next morning, I got to watch as he helplessly tried to scrape all of these layers of ice off his windshield.

Don’t take my goddamn parking spot.

Edit: you guys need to chill. This isn’t r/AITA. I’m not looking for judgement because I already know I’m an asshole. The point of this sub is to tell stories of petty revenge. I’d say I was being pretty damn petty

Edit 2: sorry, I find it so funny people telling me I committed vandalism. No damage was done except for wasting like 5-10 minutes of his time. Ever hear of freezing rain? It does the same thing I did to his car. Never does any damage. 

This was also many years ago, and the cops haven’t come to arrest me yet. I think I’m good.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Drak_is_Right** (5,692 points)

My old post on this and a petty revenge:

&gt;Monday night we got about a foot of snow. Bit unusual for this area, so most people didn't go into work Tuesday. This means street parking is nearly full with unmoved cars covered in snow. Yesterday afternoon I head out to pick up a few things. Shoveling out my car from the street parking spot probably took about 15 minutes. Takes a little while to move the 3,000 or so pounds of snow off and from around my car and dig a path through the snowplows mess.

&gt;The whole time I have been shoveling snow from around my car, there has been a lady waiting to take my parking spot. While there are maybe 2 or 3 empty spots on the street, all are filled with snow. So I do what I must. I put the snow shovel in my trunk and head back inside.

**u/HalfaManYouAre** (2,945 points)

A few years ago, we got a foot or two of snow in Philadelphia. I lived in the not so good section of west Philadelphia. People would put cones and trashcans on spots they shoveled out. One idiot had the balls to move the cones and trashcans and park in the spot.
Guess who didn't have tires when they came back.

**u/enigma_goth** (2,883 points)

Wow what a fucking asshole to even park at a handicap space! Like he was really purposely doing it this last time.

**u/Nic0kami** (2,680 points)

This is amazing. It’s common knowledge, if your complex doesn’t handle snow removal, don’t be a dick and shovel your own spot. My old apartment before I bought a house, a couple of the kids would actually knock on doors and collect 2-3 dollars per person and would shovel a spot for every apartment that paid. Lol

Edit: Omgosh my first award!! I never expected this to blow up so much!! Thank you all! &lt;3

**u/pokerbacon** (1,724 points)

I'll go out and brush off my car and shovel it out during and after storms even if I don't need to drive anywhere for day.

**u/Ellthebelle** (1,649 points)

My dad was petty af. The winter of 96’ in the Philly area. He had shoveled a spot out from the few feet of snow we got. I can’t remember why his car was gone for a minute but when he got back someone had parked in his spot. My dad was MAD. So he shovels himself a new spot, and piles all the snow up on and around the car in his original spot. He then shovels the neighbors some spots and did the same thing. Couldn’t even see the car when he was done.

**u/Walshy231231** (1,424 points)

It’s shitty to steal someone else’s spot, but stealing a handicap spot is just horrible, knowing a handicapped person will be using it momentarily, is just plain awful

**u/Decyde** (1,203 points)

My town a has a law that if you shovel snow out of a spot then you are entitled to shovel it back in the same spot.

This came after Blizzards 10 years ago where people would park in your spot that you dug out 26 inches of snow and we weren't use to that.

Police got sick of getting calls for it so someone brought that up to a townhall meeting and it was passed.

I remember digging out my elderly neighbor across the street and she left to get her medication and came back to someone in her spot. The neighbor next to me said they walked up the block so i followed the prints and knocked on the door.

They told me to fuck off when i asked them to move their car even after i offered to dig out their spot.

I gave my neighbor my spot and then that person came back to a mountain on top of their car.

The best part was it was the following day when it turned to ice and it took them 4 hours to dig it out.

**u/curtludwig** (990 points)

Often its easier if you do it right away. If the sun gets on it the snow will harden up and it can be a lot worse.

On the other hand if there is sleet in the forecast sometimes you're better leaving the snow on the car. Maybe just shovel around it but leave the car covered so you don't have to chop so much ice.

Sometimes, if I have time, I'll put a small electric heater inside my car and let it melt the ice off the windows. The advantage of being able to park in the driveway...

**u/BinkoTheViking** (986 points)

Petty? That was pure evil. 

I fucking love it.

**u/thats4metoknow** (901 points)

Years ago, working for Digital in the 80s on one of the online forums somebody told the tale of an asshole landlord they had in Chicago.  When they left the apartment, in winter, they had a waterbed that they needed to empty, which they did by using a hose as a siphon.  They ran the pipe out of the window and onto the landlord's car.  Apparently, the car was entombed for the rest of the winter.

**u/saltedtomatoslice** (735 points)

That sounds like a steal to me!

**u/Centaurious** (647 points)

May have thought the OP installed it themself rather than it being an actual “legal” handicapped spot. Fucked around and found out though

**u/Nic0kami** (633 points)

Frankly it really was. I usually gave at least 5$, but I was also working a a crap job at the time and barely making rent/ food. I’d like to think most people gave more then 3$ for a shoveled spot, but, I can’t really say for sure. Whatever they made it was enough they did it every year for the three I was there.

**u/curtludwig** (622 points)

But then where would you put your snowmobiles, lawnmower, tractor, loader tractor, lawn seeder, welder, torch set, table saw, chainsaws, air compressor, wrenches, sockets, ratchets, helmets, motorcycles, lawn chairs, spare grill, snowblower, snow plow, shovels, rakes, implements of distruction and other stuff?

Park your car in the garage, pfff, thats just silly.

**u/Patmcgroin303** (601 points)

&gt; I lived in the not so good section of west Philadelphia.

By chance, is the playground where you would spend most of your days?

**u/t3hnhoj** (582 points)

I love the OPs Edit. 😄 "Guys, I know I'm the asshole here. Fuck him and fuck you all too." 

I'd gild this post if I could.

**u/jnewton116** (545 points)

The neighbor kid came over one snowy morning and asked my dad if he could shovel our driveway for a few bucks. He was young and small for his age, but Dad said yes as he was delighted by the kid’s initiative. (Dad had spent his own childhood shoveling snow and mowing lawns for money.) He laughed as he closed the front door saying it would probably not be done particularly well but he would still gladly pay him. 

A few minutes later we look outside and the kid’s dad is there with a snow blower cleaning off the driveway. Turns out the little snot heard his dad saying he was coming over to clear the snow and darted through the bushes to ring our doorbell and secure a promise of payment before his dad showed up. 

We thought it was hilarious, but the kid was forced to come apologize to us and return the money when his dad found out.

**u/rosybxbie** (540 points)

i had a neighbour take a handicap spot that i requested from my apartment complex. first two weeks i had the spot (after 6 months of waiting for it to be put in) were great, but then a neighbour came home with a brand new handicap parking placard and started leaving her car there for days and moving into the spot when we left. after she started parking there i only got to use it once every 2-3 weeks if that, so i had to request another handicap spot. i know i shouldn’t bring up this fact, but she also used to stand outside for hours on end talking crap about me and my boyfriend, and im an ambulatory wheelchair user. after she started spreading rumours, all of the neighbours started harassing us. i had loads of them tell me i didn’t need a handicap spot because i was too young. now there’s a handicap sign with my handicap placard number on it.

**u/theghostofme** (533 points)

This reminds me of when my apartment complex repaved the parking lots, but hadn't yet repainted anything except for the parking lines. My downstairs neighbor was disabled and required a handicap spot that was two spots wide. The complex's super went ahead and painted out one of the lines to give her a double spot, and put up a temp sign saying it was for that one tenant. 

Anyway, one night I'm out on my patio and I see that the neighbor has parked in her double-wide spot, but it was harder to see the sign about it being a temporary handicap spot in the dark, so if you didn't already know that, it would just look like someone took up two spots with a shitty parking job.

Which is exactly what another neighbor assumed. As a sign of protest, he parked as close to the woman's driver's side door as possible and waltzed out of his car really satisfied with himself.

I was about to yell out to him to let him know what the deal was, but my handicapped neighbor had just come out to go to the store when she came across this. As the other neighbor was passing her, she just let out a gentle "Excuse me?" He turned around, registered the wheelchair, looked at both their cars, and then *finally* saw the sign.

He responded with a sheepish apology and then ran as fast as he could to move his car. Fortunately, the painting crews came back after the weekend to finish the job, so it wasn't a long-running problem for her, but I still chuckle at the memory of him going from proud for having stuck it to some asshole driver to watching his body slump a bit when he realized *he* was the asshole.

**u/spaghettirodriguez** (479 points)

In Pittsburgh we’ve mostly all agreed on the “parking chair” system. If you shovel it, you put a folding chair or something similar in the spot. If you’re someone looking for a spot, you do not violate the sanctity of the parking chair.
