# I exposed an affair because it was affecting my sleep.

**Sub:** r/pettyrevenge  
**Author:** u/IonicRes  
**Score:** 54,541  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/15s4qrj/i_exposed_an_affair_because_it_was_affecting_my/  

---

So I'll start with understanding what I did wasn't exactly "right" but I regret nothing.

TLDR: my upstairs neighbor is having an affair and it's disrupting my sleep.  So I found the wife online and messaged her, problem solved.

My upstairs neighbor has been having an affair with a married man for about 4 months now.  I wouldn't care, but because it's an affair he comes over at odd hours of the night and they have sex very loudly (I can hear a lot) and it wakes me up/prevents me from sleeping.  How do I know it's an affair?  He's never spent the night and his car has baby car seats in there.

Some back story, I've had issues with my upstairs neighbor prior to this.  She would throw parties on monday nights, she gets home at 2am from work pacing her condo and having loud phone conversations.  She's 40 years old throwing parties with 20y/o and having affairs and living like a teenager.  I tried to talk to her like a normal person about my concerns but she doesn't care and I've had to get the association involved to stop the parties.  I hate her.

So I decided to learn some more about this mystery man.  I looked up the license plate, found an address, searched the address and found a name.  Took the name and did some social media stalking and found the man and his wife's profiles.

I made a throw away account, messaged the wife about the affair.  

I haven't seen him now for a few weeks and I'm sleeping really nicely :)

EDIT:
People asking:
 How did you find the address?  Website called infotracer

---

## Top Comments

**u/Careless_Welder_4048** (6,925 points)

You did the wife a favor.

**u/IonicRes** (5,210 points)

Well hopefully the next dude will be single and come over at normal times that allow me to get my 8hours.

**u/Mini-meee** (5,148 points)

I’ll wait for updates for the next dude


Edit : damn that was a simple comment

**u/giraflor** (4,874 points)

With my luck, his wife would have kicked him out and he would have been at the neighbor’s full time.

**u/iruvit** (2,239 points)

OP is the opposite of a homewrecker

**u/SheWhoLovesToDraw** (2,060 points)

Never mess with a resourceful person's sleep, and don't be a piece of scum who cheats!

**u/Shoddy_Life_7581** (1,279 points)

Then they'd hopefully fuck during the day

**u/The_Cletus_Van_Damme** (1,172 points)

Homefixer

**u/Lone_Wanderer97** (826 points)

Nah, he'd get sick of her shit quick and then OP would be hearing loud arguments instead of loud fucking.

**u/StonedTalus** (806 points)

A Real Escape Agent


Edit: Woah, much appreciated everybody. Thanks for the awards!

**u/tamuzp** (687 points)

Just cross your fingers the next dude will not be single and come over only at night anyway.

**u/RubSpecialist3152** (648 points)

I love this because 1) it was the right thing to do and, 2) I’m all for petty revenge;)

Good job!

**u/Kitsune_Scribe** (647 points)

An angry sleep deprived person is dangerous

**u/Bluestorm83** (645 points)

I once found a dude's home address knowing only what his Minecraft account name was.

Scared the SHIT out of him for burning my ships and putting giant obsidian swastikas all over my buildings I'd made.

I'd never actually do anything to anyone.  But when a dude sends you pictures of your house, car, and place of work (all stolen from Google street.view, mind you,) you think he might be a psycho, and not just a dude who you'd trolled on a public minecraft server.

So I understand what you did, and why you did it.  Well done.

**u/Brewchowskies** (600 points)

The real play would have been to message the wife saying “I’ve been having an affair with your husband”. She’ll say where the info came from to him, he’ll assume the upstairs neighbour is trying to blow up the marriage, and everyone will hate everyone. Problem solved.

**u/biskutgoreng** (540 points)

Well it's wrecked already and probably can't be fixed

**u/MoonGladeLadyBug** (535 points)

Yup. I mean OP did it for his wellness, but the wife needed to know. Really glad OP exposed the cheater.

**u/GalacticGetaway** (518 points)

Home exposer lol

**u/IonicRes** (446 points)

I paid for a service which does this, one of the many paid services online that has access to databases with such information.

**u/n4ke** (367 points)

Loud fucking arguments!

**u/Technical_Eye4039** (351 points)

How did you get an address from a license plate?

**u/Pineapple_Spenstar** (303 points)

11 PM is way better than 3 AM

**u/IonicRes** (298 points)

Ya, totally legal just search on Google

**u/NSFWies** (263 points)

They broke one of the easiest rules to follow.  "Don't commit 2 crimes at the same time"

He was being loud and pissing off the neighbors, and cheating on his wife.

They could have just as easily been nice and doing the affair nice and quietly like reasonable people, and been doing it for a long while.

But no.  Had to go and be loud about it.

**u/More-Complaint** (246 points)

I had a really similar situation about 30 years ago. In my case it was a downstairs neighbour. The guy who was cheating used to turn up at 1 - 2 a.m. on a Friday night, and they'd be playing loud music and moaning and groaning until 5:30 the next morning.

After about six months of this, the (genuinely nice) guy who lived next door to her went out in the wee small hours and flattened all four of his tyres. 

This obviously lead to his wife finding out because the following afternoon she started screaming and shouting outside the flats. She just kept on escalating and eventually threw bricks through all of her front facing windows and her glazed double doors.

It was a hell of a lot quieter after that.
