# Apparently booking a seat on a train is not a real booking if someone else decides to sit there.

**Sub:** r/pettyrevenge  
**Author:** u/Magnus_40  
**Score:** 54,476  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/voxdqb/apparently_booking_a_seat_on_a_train_is_not_a/  

---

I was travelling from Edinburgh to London by train and had a booked window seat with a table.

I got on the train to find 4 guys sitting at the table, the one in my seat that was clearly marked as booked, refused to move as he was with his friends and the train was packed. The ticket collected passed and I asked him to help.

He asked the guy to move but he refused and somehow that was that.

"So what now?" I asked

"You can find another seat but I have no power to move him, only the police and move him and they will not turn up just to move someone out of a seat."

There were no seats free in the carriage and probably not many free on the train so standing to London was a possibility.

"I'm going to take a seat in first class" - better surroundings, power sockets and free tea and coffee.

"You can't sit there, you don't have a booking"

"Well, you could call the police to move me but apparently they won't turn out to move someone out of a seat"

I had a lovely trip with power for my laptop and a wide comfy seat.

---

## Top Comments

**u/radioactivecowz** (6,356 points)

How do the staff not have the authority though? You agree to follow their instructions when you buy a ticket. Doesn't seem like they should require police to enforce basic rules

**u/QuarantinisRUs** (3,099 points)

And because your seat was not available you can reclaim part of the ticket cost I think

**u/freezerbreezer** (3,027 points)

In my country the ticket collector would have thrown the guy out of the train lol

**u/BabbaKush** (2,529 points)

I used to work on the train from Belfast to Dublin. The conductor would not let the train leave if someone was breaking the rules, aka walk into first class, harass staff etc. Many times the police would be waiting at the next stop. It sucks for other passengers but that makes their walk of shame even more enjoyable.

**u/starlareads** (1,082 points)

Nicely played sir!

**u/asianabsinthe** (1,048 points)

Tape the seat offender to the seat and take them to customer service

**u/Sp0ilersSweetie** (1,037 points)

You agree to their terms buying a ticket, but the staff don't have any more legal power over you. If you don't move or leave when asked, the only people that can force you to comply are the police because individual citizens do not have the right to apply physical force to one another.

Edit: this comment lacks clarity. What I was trying to put across is that rail workers aren't legally empowered to use physical force.

Reasonable force is a right that all citizens have, including rail workers, but rail workers don't have any *more* right to use physical force than that provision. Therefore, if physical force is required to enforce rail regulations, rail workers will call for police assistance.

I hope this clears things up.

**u/coachz1212** (1,018 points)

Oh man, I'm a manager at a movie theatre and one of my absolute favorite things to do is pause the playlist and inform the theatre that the movie will not be starting until everyone is in their correct seats. It become incredibly apparent who isn't in their seat. The theatres turn into mobs and start yelling at the people in the wrong seats. A lot of the time I can't MAKE then leave, but 200 people yelling shit at them usually does the trick.

**u/seydog** (923 points)

Finally justice! Loopholee becomes loopholer.

**u/sittinwithkitten** (837 points)

That’s the way it should be. Don’t want to behave? Then be removed and forfeit ticket.

**u/sirdiamondium** (637 points)

This is 2022 and no one’s using analog tape anymore. With your fingers you’ll want to digitally hold them in place as you make your way to customer service

EDIT: yo yo thx to a nony mous who made it rain. Carry on

**u/vipros42** (629 points)

I once had to argue a guy out of my reserved seat on a packed train. He was pretty aggro but did move eventually. Shortly afterwards I gave it up to a pregnant lady. The guy was super angry after that.

**u/sjupiter30** (593 points)

How would you prove that though?

**u/Ornery_Translator285** (518 points)

No ticket!

**u/TiWoAl** (504 points)

They do have the right to fine you though, at least here they do (but I'm not from the UK).
For taking reserved seats I'm not sure what the fine is, but for not having an appropriate ticket it can be as much as 150 dollars.

**u/jazzzhandzz** (501 points)

Revenge AND free tea?! This is what dreams are made of.

**u/Hugh-Mahn** (430 points)

I'd go to you cinema just for that experience alone, just the thought is giving me a semi.

**u/OldWhoFan** (423 points)

Jesus, the tickets please guy is cut

**u/Magnus_40** (327 points)

You can but you could be given a ticket.
I was leveraging the fact that he refused to move the guy in the wrong seat so if he gave me a 'fine' and I fought it then he would have to explain why he didn't try to do his job.

I think it was more to do with the fact that they oil workers from Aberdeen who were quite a way down a shopping bag of alcohol before Edinburgh.

You see them a lot on Fridays on the East Coast line, coming off the rigs and heading home with a bag of travel beers after a few dry weeks on the rigs.

**u/mikemojc** (300 points)

Then they could have fined the person that was sitting in the seat he had not booked.  It was really just a matter of the ticket collector not wanting to deal with the conflict.

**u/Flat_Professional_55** (271 points)

Some people are right knobheads. Imagine being so entitled that you take somebody’s booked seat and refuse to move, what a cunt. I’m glad you found a good solution to the situation. Some ticket inspectors can be right bastards as well though, so be careful haha.

**u/Spheresdeep** (228 points)

&gt;I got a £20 fine for trying to travel on an expired ticket - would have been cheaper to get a valid ticket lmao

Well yeah, if the fee was cheaper nobody would get a ticket and they would just pay the fee.

**u/kangarufus** (218 points)

Thanks for educating me that I can juts sit in first class any time and nobody can force me to move.

**u/chastrength** (210 points)

This guy belongs in a museum

**u/ComeAndGetYourHug** (203 points)

Hey this reminds me of my "not a real booking" story.  

I reserved a storage unit online.  10x10, back row, let's say $50/month because I can't remember the real price.  So I show up at exact time on my reservation, and am physically standing *in line* to rent when I get a 2nd email saying my reservation has been "updated" and the price is now $70/month.

Well of course when I get to the desk, here we go.  I show the original reservation email and this stupid lady keeps repeating "It's not available.  Someone rented it online." and I keep saying "Yes, that was ME.  I rented it online.  HERE IS THE EMAIL."  Finally after going back and forth saying basically the same thing for 5 minutes she admits that someone ELSE showed up and already paid for the unit, and that my reservation "wasn't good anymore" because they had rented it earlier in the day.  So basically their reservations aren't reserved.  Ok...  

Here's the kicker.  They *do* have a 10x10 unit available.  It's in the back row too.  Literally the only difference is that it's $20/month more.  Gee, what a coincidence!  I knew exactly what they were doing, but this lady was so oblivious I think she actually believed this was normal and OK.  Since I'm sitting there with a rented u-haul full of stuff to store, I of course still need a unit.  Sure, I'll pay for now.

Four months later, I'm done moving so I get my stuff out.  All those emails and all my notes go straight to the state Attorney General's office.  You see, my state has a "bait and switch" law and I don't think they could have been any more obvious about breaking it since they put both the "bait" and the "switch" in writing.  Legally, I *can* sue and get 3x the damages, but I'm lazy.  I'd rather just shake their business license and see if anything falls out first.

I didn't have to deal with a general manager or corporate or anything.  Within a few days someone from their legal team calls me directly and says "Hey, would you like a full refund?" Why yes, that sounds reasonable to me.  The check came a week later and now there's a record of their activity with the state.
