# My Exboyfriend is gonna drive 2 hours to a concert just to not get in

**Sub:** r/pettyrevenge  
**Author:** u/[deleted]  
**Score:** 54,259  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/d5ee39/my_exboyfriend_is_gonna_drive_2_hours_to_a/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/birthdaygirl11** (7,249 points)

Haahah please update us on this

**u/WuschelBlep** (6,564 points)

Will definitely update how many angry phonecalls imma get

**u/WuschelBlep** (3,597 points)

So even though I'm pretty sure he won't be able to get in without my ID anyways, I called the venue and let them know about the situation. They promised me to keep an eye out for him and deny him entry if he show's up without my ID anyways

**u/WuschelBlep** (3,281 points)

Saturday

**u/LordSkredde** (2,664 points)

When is the concert? I'd like to hear more from this.

**u/7azula7** (2,342 points)

You could always call the venue and let them know someone else will be trying to use your tickets just to make ABSOLUTE sure that asshole won't get in 😊

**u/rimalp** (1,902 points)

When he (or any of his friends) sees this post on Reddit he'll know what's up.

You might want to take down this post and hold off till Saturday. Don't ruin his surprise!

**u/OrgasmicBiscuit** (1,778 points)

honestly the best part about this is him realizing that he fucked up his chances by being an asshole for no reason

**u/WuschelBlep** (1,473 points)

Haha might do that, although I dont think he will anyways. They're pretty anal about checking IDs, especially with the VIP tickets

**u/UnfulfilledAndUnmet** (1,250 points)

The best part about this?  His new girlfriend is going to find out that his big special date that he planned for her was just leftovers from his last relationship and she's gonna be *pissed*.  Women typically *hate* disingenuous shit like that.

**u/Rhodychic** (1,220 points)

My friend's ex did this in family court. The ex ranted and raved so much the judge gave my friend full custody on the spot. Life tip, don't be a dick.

**u/Jaylightning230** (958 points)

May as well do it anyway. Revenge like that shouldn't fail because of a slight risk of someone slipping up. It'll make it all the more satisfying if you cover all bases.

**u/Rich000123** (761 points)

I love the extra sprinkle of petty. Well done!

**u/alphacentaurai** (760 points)

Its beginning to look a lottt liiiike JUSTICE

**u/YourLocalMosquito** (527 points)

Maybe call the venue ahead of time and say you’re concerned someone is going to use your tickets without any ID to get in ... I don’t know if it would amount to anything but it might be worth a shot.

**u/WuschelBlep** (478 points)

Already did

**u/WuschelBlep** (423 points)

He wont get in without my ID anyways - its a VIP ticket and they check everyone for IDs before letting them in

**u/jmad71** (419 points)

You should find a date and go the concert... take pics and when he messages you send him the pics of you enjoying yourself with your date 🤣 take revenge to the next level

**u/TheFretlessOne** (385 points)

I’d suggest a call to be safe. It’s possible the new gf could fake being upset about forgetting her ID or something, &amp; either get a sympathetic security guard or someone who wants to keep the line moving. Please OP, take the final step to ensure sweet revenge!

**u/GetBumRushedMate** (350 points)

Yeeeaaah, that's how my dead beat uncle won full custody on his kid. She may have pissed off the judge but holy fuck the judge picked the wrong parent that fucking day.

**u/WuschelBlep** (349 points)

Happy cake day! And now I have a bloody christmas song stuck in my head

**u/dontfreakout09** (345 points)

Also his new gf will get to see how he handles the situation. Judging by OP's description, he's a jerk that deserves to step on several Legos, and probably won't handle it well. Hopefully the new gf's sees his true colors and peaces out of the relationship.

**u/Catacombs3** (318 points)

Pro tip: do NOT answer your phone tonight.

**u/GetBumRushedMate** (311 points)

This. Guarantee the fact he won't get in

**u/WuschelBlep** (277 points)

the ticket is flagged and wont scan
