# Entitled Parker parked in my driveway so I blocked them in and got drunk all weekend.

**Sub:** r/pettyrevenge  
**Author:** u/TheToiletDestroyer  
**Score:** 52,980  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/10c02rt/entitled_parker_parked_in_my_driveway_so_i/  

---

Friday night I came home from work to find someone on our block was having a large party and someone decided they were entitled to park in my driveway. 

Keep in mind my driveway is a single car width lined with a retaining wall on both sides and a garage at the end. Essentially impossible for a tow truck to come pull them out without property damage. 

Seeing this and the lack of street parking I took this as a cue to park right behind them in my driveway. Now a few hours go by and their entitled parker is now knocking at my door demanding I move my car so she can leave. Seeing as they were demanding, I informed them that I had been drinking and would not move my car. 

The Entitled Parker then decides to call the police to get them to force me to move. When the police knocked on my door, I was sure to grab a beer from the fridge before I answered to talk to the officer. 

I had informed him that after I got home I was unwinding and had been drinking and was in no shape to drive. At this point their hands were tied because they couldn’t tow her car out, I’m in no shape to drive, and I’m legally parked in my driveway. 

 I ended up telling the Entitled Parker that since it is a long weekend I would be on a weekend long bender and they could come move my car after I go to work on Tuesday.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Art3misiA_Ao3** (11,490 points)

"Hello, police? I trespassed on someone's private property by parking my vehicle up their driveway and now they've parked behind me and won't let me out! I'm the victim here! I demand you come and punish them!"

Nice work, OP. I applaud your pettiness.

**u/PM_ME_CUTE_FEMBOYS** (4,671 points)

the absolute fucking entitled audacity to park in someone elses driveway without permission.

I would have taken uber to work on Tuesday just as an extra fuck you.

**u/Piddy3825** (3,617 points)

ah petty revenge - *best served with beer breath...*

**u/Fine_Cheek_4106** (3,133 points)

This reminds me very strongly of a post here ages back, where an entitled Dad kept parking his car in OP's driveway,  blocking him in. They were going to a multi-day faire or something and the EF (Entitled father) thought he could use OP's driveway to avoid the parking nightmare AND score a primo spot about a minute's walk from the faire.

OP asked him not to when they came back the first time; the EF just told him 'TS' and that he'd park here again.

The OP then backed his car out early the next day, and the EF took the bait and parked his car fully in OP's driveway. OP re-parked his car behind the EF's and proceeded to get nicely buzzed drunk and the same thing that happened in this post happened too; demanding OP move = cops called = officers couldn't do anything but in this one they asked OP if he could give the cop the car keys to move it. 

OP said no because he doesn't have third party insurance and has the right to refuse anyone else driving it. Cops were at a legal impasse with that.

Cops then told the EF there was nothing he could do. EF had a screaming hissy fit and the cops told him to calm down or be arrested for disturbing the peace. OP said he'd move it tomorrow.

Family had to find a last minute hotel stay. Next day, cops and EF were back, cops because they needed to breathalyse a known drinker before he got back in his car (yes the officer was messing with the EF a bit, he clued onto what OP did).

OP was cleared, he moved the car, EF got a 'suggestion' from the officer to not park in any more driveways. The mom was looking daggers at her husband as he sheepishly got in to drive back home.

**u/HerGrinchness** (1,953 points)

Now you need to go grocery shopping or something this weekend and have it towed while you're out so it's gone by Tues morning. Its the expensive, longer play.

ETA: yes I read the post about towing not being possible due to retaining walls and a garage. That still doesnt mean it cannot be done, it just depends on the skill or creativity of the driver. They've probably moved vehicles out of worse.

**u/H1king33k** (1,797 points)

Cop: pulls out breathalyzer.

Me: does a shot.

"oops"

**u/Ialmostthewholepost** (1,645 points)

This.  Leave a note under the windshield. 

*"I tried to contact you, but didn't have a way to.  After I sobered up and had a change of heart, I decided to help you get your car sooner.  Hopefully the Tow company is able to contact you and help you get back to your now liberated car.*

*Cheers, and have a good long weekend!"*

**u/this_is_my_alt_act** (1,329 points)

It'd be hilarious if OP works from home, then the entitled parker would still be waiting.

**u/TheToiletDestroyer** (1,090 points)

It’s also snowing where I’m at so I’m thinking about going to scrape my car off to make it look like I had gone out and they missed their opportunity.

**u/katievera888** (958 points)

Wtf is it with people parking someone’s driveway? I feel bad if I park in front of someone’s house; I would never presume to just pull on in. People suck.

**u/Reese9951** (709 points)

This is the pettiest revenge ever and we appreciate your efforts

**u/rubberkeyhole** (671 points)

When they come back to ask which tow company, you’re now too drunk again to remember which one it was.

**u/Dimetrip** (661 points)

Then the XXL audacity of calling the bloody coppers on the owner of said driveway

**u/TheToiletDestroyer** (630 points)

I’ve seen them walking by my house a few times today looking to see if I moved. Planning on relaxing for the rest of my long weekend and might even take Tuesday off!

**u/bac687** (583 points)

I do hope that your sitting in a leather swivel chair with a white cat on your lap whilst wearing a classy suit.

**u/homesnatch** (581 points)

Wrong way... If the drink was recent, it would be register far too high rather than low. It's a breathalyzer, not a blood test. 

 You also will see a false high reading if you recently used mouthwash.

**u/TheToiletDestroyer** (570 points)

The wonderful thing is my city is very walkable and I can very easily walk a block to get more beer

**u/schroedingersnewcat** (509 points)

I can see them knocking to politely ask in order to de-escalate the situation. Worst OP could do was say no. This way they can say to the entitled bitch that they tried, but are in no legal position to force the issue.

**u/Eeszeeye** (462 points)

Revenge is a brew best served chilled.

**u/destiny_kane48** (453 points)

A valuable lesson is being taught to this woman. Do not park in other people's driveways. I'm sure for the rest of her life she'll remember this.

**u/footsteps71** (389 points)

I said what I said

**u/trophycloset33** (372 points)

Nah don’t tell them which tow company took the car that what they need to go down the yellow pages one by one to find it.

Bonus is if you can convince a tow company from another county to come get it. Most drivers would be happy to if you gave them $20 bc they will charge insane impound fees too.

**u/HOLY_GOOF** (366 points)

“I do my best work drunk”

**u/Big_T_464** (364 points)

A lesson taught, but probably not learned. Entitled people are learning-resistant. 

In her mind, all of her woes are OPs fault, and she did nothing wrong.

**u/Range-Shoddy** (327 points)

Don’t forget to back the car up and back a few feet for tire marks 🤣
