# Total wine would not sell me the specific wine I drove 60 miles to that location for because they claim I was with someone else who left and they need to see iD for that person. I was alone. So I made a mobile order of 10k and never picked it up

**Sub:** r/pettyrevenge  
**Author:** u/Ia_ja  
**Score:** 51,134  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/101k2vz/total_wine_would_not_sell_me_the_specific_wine_i/  

---

*edit* receipt upload https://imgur.com/a/JJgrhuA
(Update thanks to whoever reviewed the actual location also it’s amazing the amount of people with similar experiences at total wine) 

I got mad all over again writing this because of the sheer amount of disrespect from total wine management. I have the receipt for this order too. 

There’s a specific wine I use to pair with food the closest total wine that had it was a 60 mile drive and it was storming out and I wanted it for the holidays because most likely was going to be cooped up inside.

So I drive over, this used to be my typical total wine until I moved 2 counties away. 

Anyways I go in and pickup the wine and get some other stuff for holiday parties was in there maybe an hour and it comes time to check out and the cashier asks me for my iD so I give it to her and then she tells me she needs to see the iD of the other person I was with so now I’m confused and say I’m alone? And she says well I have to go get my manager. Ok fine? 

So he comes out to tell me that she told him I was with someone and they need to come back and bring their iD or they won’t sell it to me. 

I told him I wasn’t with anyone. He asks to see my iD looks at it and says “well unfortunately you look young”

At this point I’m like are you serious??? And he’s like “you can come back tomorrow ALONE” 

I find it extremely disrespectful to tell someone they look young while you’re holding their iD in your hand and not to mention I’ve been shopping at that exact location for about 4 years and have never had a problem 

So I told him about how I drove there and have been shopping there for years and that I even have a second form of iD and he was just kind of giggling and saying no.

So I left very angry and it was late around 9 pm and then I had the about hour and a half drive back home in the rain storm.

So I was home pissed about it all night and the next day I went in to the one close to my house to get the other stuff I was getting unfortunately that one was out of the wine that’s why I didn’t originally go there.

They were pleasant as usual actually beyond nice and didn’t even iD me which just goes to show the other location was on some kind of power trip or something. 


Then I got an email from them to review my experience. Which they send every time I go there and I never do it but I decided to select the location I had the bad experience at and give feed back on it.

So I wrote exactly what happened and then the next day I got a call from the store manager. Turns out the guy that night was an assistant manager or something. However he was much more pleasant than the woman that called me. She was extremely rude and condescending and told me that she reviewed the cameras and that someone walked in with me at the same time and that made us a party. I told her I didn’t know them. She said it didn’t matter. so apparently people can’t walk in to total wine at the same time as you???

Then she said that the employees were watching me and that the person left 30 minutes before I went to check out and they saw it.

Ok so? Also if that is the case and that is your policy, why didn’t you say something when you saw the person leave and we could have cleared up the whole situation right then and there. Instead of continuing to allow me to shop for another 30 minutes and waste my time to know that when I came to check out you were going to deny it? 

So I told her even if that is the case someone can’t leave a store??? And she said “no. To complete the transaction they would have to drive back with their iD” 

This made me extremely angry because even if that is the case and that is your policy at least you can offer an apology for the inconvenience or something like that. Not just call me to argue and stir the pot. I was already kind of over it because it had been like 2 days but just her whole attitude and nastiness about the whole thing was really insult to injury. 

So I decided to look up their policy and their policy clearly states that this only applies to parties at checkout so the rule is who is with you at checkout which that makes sense or is at least more understandable. 

Another policy I read which was interesting was that any online order not picked up within a week they will issue a full refund to your original payment method.


So my friends and I were sitting home drinking the stuff I had got at the other location later that day and telling them what happened and they were all shocked. 


I used to work retail for a long time specifically during covid and I know what an inconvenience it is to setup big curbside pickup orders because they take up a lot of space on the order shelf. 

So drunk and mad I decided to enforce their own policy on them and make a $10,000 order for the soonest possible pickup time which they promise orders ready in 3 hours.

So I made sure to order the cheapest heaviest bottles I could think of so it can take up the most amount of space in their curbside are and made sure to only order like 1 or 2 of each so they couldn’t just give me a case they had to get individual ones and I ordered their whole supply of Tito’s since it’s popular and it’s the holidays and I know people are going to be looking for it and this total wine has its curbside order section in the front behind a counter where you can see it 

And I know when customers saw it they would ask for it and then they would have to explain how someone ordered all 238 bottles and they’re back there on reserve. Then they’d probably get grouchy and ask for a manager.

But the manager would be busy because I also made sure to order a lot of bottles behind glass so they would have to run around with their keys scrambling to get this order ready. I worked retail and I know how much stuff like this throws off a schedule and annoys the managers. 

So I loaded up the cart and stopped when I got bored and placed the order. I got the email confirmation which specified that you have to wait for the pickup confirmation email and that pickup times aren’t guaranteed so I thought for sure they were either going to cancel the order or call me or something.

And something interesting that is sent with the email is a pickup policy that states specifically “the recipient of the order needs to be 21” so you can have other people in your car not 21??? 

Well 5 hours later I got the pickup email. It took them longer but I was still surprised.

Then later I got a pickup reminder email. Then 3 days later a second reminder. Then 7 days I got my “final notice” email

And then day 10 I got a phone call. It was the manager acting like a completely different person this time asking when I was coming for the order. At this point I think she knew I was fucking with them because it had been 10 days and she knew my name from the previous feedback thing because when she called she asked for me by name and my name was on the order 

So I told her “yeah I went to pick it up and was told I look too young, so I just went to the other total wine and picked it up the same stuff there” 

So then she was mad and said “are you seriously not coming to pick this up?” Lollll restockkkkkkk 

I just said “nahhh”

She hung up lmfaooooo


When your higher up asked you why your store had to refund someone $10,000 explain to them what you did  lmfaooo.

They were supposed to automatically cancel the order at the 7 day mark but didn’t she called me at the 10 day. 

So I called their customer service line to cancel it and she told me some stores wait to the end of the month to do it. 

I’m assuming the manger was trying to hold out on refunding to end the year on a better number. Retail does that.

I made them cancel it right then lmfaooo

---

## Top Comments

**u/69aja** (5,075 points)

I'm in my early twenties and total wine has given me grief over ID before as well. They've followed me around suspiciously and multiple times have had the manager check my ID. I am a paying customer and it makes me feel unwelcome. I haven't been back in a while, but it sucks because they have the best selection.

**u/monteqzuma** (3,680 points)

The fact that you had 10k that you could just tie up for God knows how long is upper tax bracket petty.

**u/DuneBug** (3,670 points)

It's not an uncommon policy to card multiple people that go up to checkout, especially if you're near a college. I don't mind this - if you're trying to skirt the ID rules just don't be stupid, go out to the car.

But claiming that the other person who walked in with you justifies the need for an ID check is absurd. They've almost certainly satisfied any regulatory problems by carding you so it just came down to them being dicks. 

Also the implication of this policy is if you walked in with someone, you'd also have to check out together, or neither could purchase alcohol. Also,
If the other person made a purchase, clearly they discriminated against you.

**u/Esosorum** (2,155 points)

I was followed around at a specs once when I was buying the alcohol for my wedding. They eventually approached me to ask if I was finding everything okay and said it was unusual for someone to be buying so much. Everything I had fit in a single basket. It ended up only being like $500 worth of stuff? 

It was bizarre.

**u/Guilty_Objective4602** (2,020 points)

Plus, after watching the video, I’m assuming they saw two people enter the store together, walk in separate general directions, spend the whole 30 minutes probably browsing in generally separate areas and not interacting at all, then first person leave without acknowledging OP, and, half an hour later, OP attempting to check out. So the insistence they had to have been together here is ludicrous.

**u/saywhat1206** (1,936 points)

I hate Total Wine and stopped shopping there a few years ago.  I'm 63, and the last time I was there I was probably 60.  It is obvious that I am of legal drinking age - old woman, white hair, wrinkles everywhere, but aside from that I produced my ID at checkout.  I too was told that there was someone else with me when I entered the store and they needed to checkout with me and produce their ID.   When I had entered the store, I slightly tripped on the floor mat and another customer entering, caught my arm and  prevented me from falling.  That person was NOT shopping with me.  They can go F themselves.

**u/FitOrFat-1999** (1,678 points)

The $10,000 makes this revenge "petty plus".

**u/Sea_Marble** (1,465 points)

Am I the only jerk that figures if you are going to follow me around, I’m putting you to work? “Oh, good. You work here? You can carry this for me. It’s heavy, so be careful! Also, can you find XYZ for me, please? (Big smile) Oh, look at you and how quickly you found that for me! You’re awesome!” Make sure to say everything in your best Kindergarten teacher voice and be as patronizing as possible. Sure, they are probably going to curse you when you leave, but they typically only follow you once. And you won’t have to carry anything in the store the one time.

EDIT: Thanks for the awards, kind strangers!

**u/DubbelDragon** (1,268 points)

In my college town’s surrounding area, lots of stores lost their liquor licenses over the years for selling to minors, so they had similar carding everyone rules (though I have seen it in my small cowtown in high school, on occasion). 

I go into a CVS or maybe Rite Aid (the pharmacies were often the best deal in town for some reason) with my roommate (both 21+) but we split up to buy our own stuff. At the checkout they stop me saying they need to card the person I came in with. I’d only ever encountered this while checking out as a group, but splitting up orders in line. I’m confused, but look around and he’s in the line 2 over also buying liquor and not being stopped. I shout over he needs to show his ID over here and the checker says, “No, not him, that guy,” and points to some random guy by the entrance. I don’t know him at all, but they won’t let me make my purchase. So I just left without buying anything. Wish I could have made some mischief like you did.

Weirdly, they didn’t make my roommate cancel his purchase or try to stop him when we walked out together.

**u/Pbj90** (1,242 points)

Total wine management always are on power trips. A friend had just left the checkout line with a shopping cart full for a 4th of July party, management grabbed his cart before he could leave and yelled that he needed to pay, he told them he did pay and if they didn't let him leave he was going to return the whole cart, and no he wouldn't show them the receipt like they asked.

Had they asked nicely for a receipt, he would've showed them. But the violently grabbing the Cart was enough for him. He returned the whole cart while the manager tried to apologize and talk him out of it.

**u/Sliffy** (1,023 points)

$500 is nothing in a big box store like that. You can get there real quick of you're restocking a home bar or getting ready for a party.

**u/Game_boy** (777 points)

&gt; There’s a specific wine I use to pair with food 

I mean yeah

**u/DickDover** (710 points)

I used to work at a grocery store and they made everyone review the alcohol policy &amp; they stated that everyone in line had to be 21, all workers had to sign a form, which is totally stupid but hey those are your rules so OK then.

My 2 co-workers &amp; I denied every sale if everyone did not have an ID saying you are 21 

* Mother with infant child, sorry I can't sell that wine, would you like to speak to the manager, the new policy is everyone *has to be over 21 to purchase any alcohol*


* Father buying dinner with 7 yr old child, sorry I can't sell that beer, everyone *has to be over 21 to purchase any alcohol* would you like to speak to the manager


You get the idea

**u/adamantium1992** (674 points)

Tried to buy alcohol on my 21st birthday, and was told “we cant sell this to you because we dont know what TIME of the day you were born” -_-

**u/reddimus_prime** (652 points)

You sir, are amazing.  

I'm going to file this one away in the back of my mind for the next time a retailer does me wrong.

**u/speedycat2014** (623 points)

It's on a credit card for a week, not "God knows how long".

 If you don't carry a balance and have at least a $20k credit limit, which I've had since my first job out of college, it's really no sweat to throw a big charge on the card that will be reversed before the statement cycle ends.

It's risky, to be sure, but not unattainable at all for the average person. You certainly don't have to be in a high-end tax bracket to pull this stuff.

**u/anxious_annie416** (551 points)

Honestly, the number of times I've walked into a store with other individual shoppers... their train of thought defies all logic.

**u/littlescreechyowl** (545 points)

I got carded while at the grocery store with my 21 year old. The cashier decided we were a couple (????) and carded him. Then she decided it was a fake ID. We had to get a manager involved. I pulled up his HS grad photo with the whole family and the manager was just like “I have no idea what she was thinking, y’all are fine”. She ended up ringing us up though, because the cashier refused and insisted it was a fake id.

**u/Esosorum** (537 points)

That’s what was so confusing to me! For me it was a lot of money, but I assume it wasn’t even close to being the most expensive purchase that day.

**u/ReblQueen** (520 points)

That's so weird. How do they just assume someone else is with you like that?

**u/chickenstalker** (505 points)

I had store staff follow me around in pharmacies while I was looking for a pack of condoms. I recently got sick of this and told her loudly which condom is best for me from her own experience. She went all red and backed off.

**u/DarkwingDuckHunt** (472 points)

And now you're on the front page so their PR Dept is gonna get involved.

Nicely done.

**u/DickDover** (464 points)

Yes, some people get a little power and **BOOM**

I ended up being a night manager &amp; my rule was "If the person paying has a valid ID for the liquor it's all good" as that aligns with my state law.

If the person buying the liquor gives it to an under age person *they* are breaking the law, what they do with it after a legal sale is none of my business.

My store was near a huge camping spot, I worked with an employee who was like your cashier, these 2 customers who were probably 16 or 17 bought $150 of food (in the early 90's), no alcohol, I was called up as the night manager because they wanted to return all of the food they just bought because they came back &amp; wanted to buy a lighter &amp; he refused to sell it to them &amp; they had no way to light their grill, there is no age restriction on selling lighters/matches, I ended up giving them a 5 pack of Bic lighters for free, apologized to them &amp; said "you had to deal with him once, I have to deal with him everyday".

All the food they had purchased was clearly camping stuff, burgers, buns, paper plates, charcoal &amp; lighter fluid etc.

I hated that guy

**u/TootsNYC** (435 points)

Left 30 minutes before you, but you’re still together, apparently?
