# My half sister wanted to show up in a wedding dress to my engagement party, so I changed the party theme so she would fit right in!

**Sub:** r/pettyrevenge  
**Author:** u/obsnotmain  
**Score:** 49,520  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/viyb5l/my_half_sister_wanted_to_show_up_in_a_wedding/  

---

# I don't care if you are from fox or bored panda or buzzfeed or whatever paper . No I won't give you an "exclusive interview". This is not even news worthy. Wtf kind of journalism is that supposed to be?#



----------------------

**After 39 messages in my inbox, asking me to post here, I will!**


My halfsister "heather" and I never really got along. We both are 24. My father left my mother for her mother and we were born the same month 20 days appart. It has always been weird.

It doesn't help that Heather's mom hates me and my mom. By extention Heather and I didn't have the best relationship.

She has always tried to one up me. Even tho we both have a similar economic background. I ca n give examples of this but for the sake of the world limit won't write them here.

So now my fiancé and I got engaged last month and had our engagement party this Saturday.
We had planned it originally as a casual- formal event. Nice dresses but not "I am going to the met gala ball" nice. More like "we are going to a good restaurant" nice.

Anyway my cousin hits me up saying she has to show me something. It was the picture of the dress Heather was gonna wear.

**[Edit: this is what the dress looked like approximately. It was a bit shorter and a bit less puffy. The rest is almost identical ](http://picture-cdn.wheretoget.it/fhiz24-i.jpg)**

This dress.... Jesus christ. It can only be described as opulent. It was long and white. Strapless with sewn in "Chrystals" and golden accents. I'm pretty sure it's a wedding dress but I can't be 100 percent.

This made me really mad. So I decided.... fuck that. I started texting people telling them that there had been a change of plans. And that instead of casual formal I decided to make a costume party. My mother's side is crazy for Halloween so they were immediately on board. I told my father via text, and asked for him to rely the message to Heather  her mother. Knowing full well that he would forget or leave it to the last minute.

Saturday comes along. Guests start showing up. Most of them in costumes. Some didn't have time to get one. We just provided them with fun hats and cheap wigs.

Heather my dad and her mother come like one hour late.

As soon as she notices that everyone was either wearing elaborate costumes or weird accessories and she didn't  stand out she lost it. Especially when my fiance came along and told her that "her bride dress looked amazing for a cheap costume".

She left crying and her mother and my father told me that I was being childish and I could have told Heather myself and not have tasked my father.

For those interested: My fiance was dressed as bubbles and I was dressed as mojojojo. My mom and aunts went as ABBA. Other memorable costumes were: luffy and Zorro, Ian Malcom and John Hammond and Jesus

**edit** : 

*so why did I invite her?*

It's one of those weird family situations where not inviting them would have been more dramatic. You know when you try pleasing everyone. Plus I still wanted a relationship with my father, so not inviting Heather and her mom would have made things super difficult and made it so my father would have had to choose. 

When I kept thinking of it, I noticed that my father wouldn't have chosen me on this scenario. Which is why I ended up cutting them off.


*You let her win.*

No. The point of this is to ruin my half sister's intention. She wasn't just "dressed nicely" as some of you put it. She wore a **wedding** dress to my **engagement** party. I'd much rather subvert this whole mess rather than have her smugly sitting at the table with her wedding dress.

Also some of you are really hung up on the "cheap wigs part" and ignore literally everything else regarding the party. A minority of our guests wore those cheap wigs. Also it literally doesn't matter. We had a blast. After she left i didn't even think of her again till a few days later. I don't regret the costume party. I wish I thought of it earlier tbh.

*this is a karma whoring repost!!!!!!*

No it isn't. I posted this story before on aita. I just had to wait 2 weeks to post on here.

Also I can't believe I have go say this. But the lady on the picture is not Heather. It's also not the dress she wore. I looked for a picture that looked approximately like the dress

---

## Top Comments

**u/paulfromatlanta** (12,053 points)

&gt;&gt;Especially when my fiance came along and told her that "her bride dress looked amazing for a cheap costume".

So he's a keeper.  Excellent petty revenge.

**u/Terra88draco** (8,703 points)

Wow. I can’t get over how a 24 year old left crying because she wasn’t the center of attention at someone else’s engagement party.  

And you aren’t being childish. You asked your dad to do something that shouldn’t have been difficult to do unless he has a brain injury.  He’s the childish one for blaming you for his inability to relay a simple message. And for not babying the half sister.

**u/scantron2739** (3,618 points)

Best part is he was in a Bubbles costume lmao.

**u/czar_ec** (2,588 points)

Like [this](https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic.wikia.nocookie.net%2Fvillains%2Fimages%2F9%2F9b%2F327876.jpg%2Frevision%2Flatest%3Fcb%3D20130117012142&amp;imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Fvillains.fandom.com%2Fwiki%2FFake_Powerpuff_Girls&amp;docid=2VJ9ZMwj-9GSxM&amp;tbnid=xB1bJfQ9wL6quM&amp;vet=1&amp;source=sh%2Fx%2Fim)?

**u/obsnotmain** (2,398 points)

I have officially gone NC with that side of the family. My father was a spineless slug. I never looked forward seeing him and had little love left for him.

**u/Great-Pop643** (1,738 points)

I saw your post on AITA first! What you did was so petty, I love it! Please tell me you disinvited them to your entire wedding after that tho

**u/nygrl811** (1,609 points)

Sadly I've heard stories like this.  There are some people who can't handle not being the center of attention!!

**u/MissionCreeper** (1,494 points)

&gt;She left crying and her mother and my father told me that I was being childish and I could have told Heather myself and not have tasked my father.

Please tell me you played dumb and say you thought she got the message since she was wearing a costume.  And "wait. That wasn't a costume?  But this is an engagement party, why would she wear a wedding dress to a normal engagement party I'm very confused!"

**u/tulip27** (1,116 points)

This reminds me of my ex mother-in-law. She is worse than 'karen' all the time. Restaurants were embarrassing and shopping with her was awful. 

Her neice was getting married. For some reason she bought a wedding dress. It happened to be the same as the bride. She finds this out well before the wedding. Did she return it? Of course not. She had the dress dyed peach. So embarrassing! I'm so glad to call her ex!

**u/Apprehensive_Skill34** (995 points)

My own sister had to get presents on my birthday or else she's would ruin it.

**u/Valeen** (991 points)

I was thinking from trailer park boys. I don't know which is better.

**u/TheFilthyDIL** (887 points)

My daughter's ren-faire wedding was the most enjoyable wedding I've ever been to. The theme was Gypsies, Pirates, and Rogues. Most of the gusts, with the exception of my husband's brother and sister &amp; spouse's were in full renfaire garb. The groom went striding down the aisle preceded by a boy waving a pirate flag and with his entire crew around them, two of them dragging along the reluctant officiant. 

They were met by my husband, daughter's 10-year-old son, and me, all in full Cossack garb. Groom paid us the agreed bride price. A chest full of "gold" and "jewels" to prove that he could support our daughter; also three cows and a goat. (The cows were small stuffed cows carried by the smallest children in the family, the goat was a donation in our name to Project Heifer.)

We then presented him with a dower chest full of dressmaker equipment and supplies, so that our daughter could support herself should he not come home from one of his sea voyages. (She is a semi-professional custom tailor.) 

He then asked one of the crew to bring out his bride. Crewman returned with bridesmaid #1. Wrong bride. Crewman #2 was dispatched, returning with two more bridesmaids, dragged along by the scruff of their necks.  "Is she one of these, Boss?" The groom turned to his brother, the best man. "My brother, I know I can trust you to fetch my bride!"
  
Brother returns with the matron of honor. Groom: "We're getting closer. This is her sister. *Can no one fetch me my bride?!?*"

Bride's son pipes up. "I will!" Ran off and escorted his mother out. Vows were said that they composed themselves. Cheers were cheered. 

The feast commenced. Whole pig that had been roasting since 6am. 24 pounds of chocolate covered strawberries, of which the bride got 2. Other weddingy stuff. Mead. Beer. Wine.  Cake shaped like a treasure chest. Belly dancing. Singing Pirates. 80 people in my back yard, not counting the singing pirates. 

It was great!

**u/TheFilthyDIL** (841 points)

She'll want to wear it at your wedding, too. May I suggest a Renaissance Faire theme?

**u/JustineDelarge** (763 points)

For the love of all you hold sacred, DO NOT LET THIS GIRL ATTEND YOUR WEDDING.

Do not. Do not do it. If you have to elope in order to make it so this bitter, narcissistic creature is not there when you marry your fiance, do that. But under no circumstances should she be within a mile of your wedding. I'm dead serious. Any drama that ensues in order to make it happen will pale in comparison to the horrorshow that will, without a shadow of a doubt, take place if you permit this black hole to be there when you get married.

**u/animatroniczombie** (664 points)

My younger brother and sister (twins) would throw a double fit at my birthday if they didn't get presents. This went on until they were 15 and I was 18. 

Of course I didn't get anything on their birthday. Hey, at least we can commiserate together :'(

**u/Squirrel009** (633 points)

I absolutely would have asked why she was wearing a wedding dress if she didn't think it was a costume party

**u/rollergirl77** (591 points)

This reminds me of the one where the MIL wanted to upstage the bride, so the bride changed her bridesmaids to white and wore a pink (?) dress. Thus MIL blended with the wedding party.

&amp;#x200B;

I wish I had the link for it because all I did was laugh!!

&amp;#x200B;

edit: Found it!! [AITA for wearing pink at my wedding](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/lt6th5/comment/govo9xq/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x&amp;context=3)

**u/CatsCrowsandCoffee** (590 points)

The petty AND no contact just made my day.

**u/pterrorgrine** (565 points)

*Power*Puff, jeez, 25 years I've been telling people this

**u/jelliieeee** (427 points)

Omg imagine! Will need to change it up from the traditional bride walk down the aisle… hear me out!

Bride is up front in a nice throne, groom rides down the aisle on horseback dressed as a jouster. This would actually impress me hahaha

**u/latenerd** (376 points)

The cherry on top of this delicious revenge sundae is how you used your father's general shittiness to work in your favor. Absolutely brilliant.

**u/pincus1** (367 points)

Unless there's a Mojo Jojo in TPB that I don't remember my money is on Powder Puff Girls.

**u/raindragon92** (343 points)

In another comment op said they've gone no contact with that side of the family. I'm assuming this means no invite to wedding day

**u/elguereaux** (332 points)

I noticed you made a fleeting reference to her in restaurants. 

If it’s any consolation for what you’ve been through with ex-Mil, just imagine how many pounds of boogers she’s eaten over the years by acting up in restaurants

**u/bbbertie-wooster** (327 points)

Based on you and Heather being the same age - your father is a total dirtbag.
