# My roomie didn’t know I spoke Spanish and tried to talk behind my back

**Sub:** r/pettyrevenge  
**Author:** u/Agreeable_Sky1562  
**Score:** 48,129  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/15r1jv3/my_roomie_didnt_know_i_spoke_spanish_and_tried_to/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/lcapaz** (7,187 points)

I’m an overweight 50yo white male with a slight southern accent… that just happened to live the first 10 years of my life in PR and am fluent in Spanish. Yeah… I’ve had similar stuff happen to me. Shocks the hell out of folks that don’t know me on work sites. You handed it great!  I usually do the same off handed/on topic comment that results in a bug-eyed “oh shit” look.

**u/seanprefect** (5,952 points)

I went to a midwestern college but we had a lot of international connections. In school I worked at the IT help desk, and once a semester every student living in the dorms had to bring their computer to IT so we can make sure it's updated and doesn't have viruses (say what you will but that was the rule then) Anyway These French exchange students come by and drop off their laptops, they have pirated windows so they can't be updated. I say "sorry I can't approve these they have pirated windows, you can go to the bookstore and get a legit key for 20 bucks and I can help you install it" they reply "we didn't do anything wrong" I say "I'm not the morality police I don't care but without a legit key I can't help you" they speak in French and say "he's an idiot we'll come back and ask someone else" to which I reply in French "you're welcome to try but they'll give you the same answer"

**u/ScullysMom77** (2,238 points)

People don't realize it's a global society.  My middle aged white female friend spent her childhood in Central America because of her dads job.  I couple I know emigrated to the US from completely opposite sides of the globe and have decided to learn each other's original language even though they both speak fluent English.  Lots of people learn a second language for work or just a hobby.  Race (or perceived ethnicity) should never be a determining factor.

**u/rionaster** (2,115 points)

shoulda called your own mom and started saying the same thing about her in spanish 😂

**u/z00k33per0304** (2,099 points)

This happened to me at work once. We needed maintenance on a machine and for whatever reason the mechanic (who was on FaceTime with I assume his boss) was "ratting" on us in French for using the wrong straws. I let him get it off his chest then told him in French that those were the ones we were sent from their company and I could produce a receipt because I also did the order. He apologized and all but ran out of the store. We live around 30 minutes from the border of a primarily French province so I'm not sure why he was so cocky about it I was standing less than 10 feet from him on the cash.

**u/FalconPunchInDaFace** (1,680 points)

You could have did a long con, never revealed you knew Spanish and kept eavesdropping. Imagine all the shit you’d hear over the time of the lease.

**u/ferretunderpressure** (1,617 points)

My Dad married my mother who is Mexican and he worked in a Latino dominated area, I think the city is 65% Latino. My dad has pale blonde hair and blue eyes so no one assumed he understood it. His accent in Spanish is basically the accent George W Bush was faking, deep southern accent. He worked as a pharmacist/pharmacy manager. He regularly had new employees who spoke Spanish at work. He usually wouldn't tell them he spoke any unless they said something extremely inappropriate and then he'd say in English that that isn't a work appropriate topic and move on, much to their embarrassment. I think it became tradition of his staff to not tell the newbs and see how long they could take it. It was important lesson especially in San Antonio, don't assume people don't speak Spanish especially in a city dominated by Latinos. Also, your customers can all hear you gossiping to, if you don't want everyone to know, don't say it.

**u/SunflowerSpeaks** (1,349 points)

I think you handled it *perfectly.* When you see her again,  calmly and sweetly say, in Spanish,  "Your assumptions about me are incorrect, mean-spirited, and may be racially motivated. You might want to think about your own morality before you try to attack others." (She assumed you only speak English because of your appearance.)


I'm biracial and keep hearing how people think I'm "white." But I have a typical Mexican name,  so I get assumptions from all sides about what language and heritage I embrace.  (and other shitty assumptions,  too, from both sides). I understand enough Spanish to translate smack-talk! But not enough to defend myself,  probably! 😅


Rise above this bullshit.  I hope she's properly embarrassed.

**u/leshake** (947 points)

If you work in a kitchen in the US you better know some Spanish. Same with construction.

**u/Agreeable_Sky1562** (930 points)

This would’ve been good lol

**u/dbear848** (771 points)

I used to travel to Japan on business. I'm a pale guy with blue eyes, but I got a minor in Japanese when I was in college. 

I generally let comments slide, but one day on the subway a woman said quite loudly how much foreigners stink. I replied in my most polite Japanese that I thought people in Japan had a reputation for being polite, but I was mistaken.

**u/Kuzinarium** (709 points)

That is exactly my playbook.  Stopped while working at night in Queens to get a coffee.  There were three young punks talking shit in Russian about jumping me. I never let them know that I understood everything.  One of them was a lot calmer than the other two and said: “Don’t do it. You never know who you’re messing with.”  I was a lot bigger than all of them and I’m no slouch. I was ready to throw down alone.

**u/Candid_Soft7562** (581 points)

I used to work for a company that was headquartered in Germany. Some of the executives were at our plant in Canada and apparently on several occasions referred to us Canucks as "white n****ers" among other things. An employee who was fluent in German let it slide for a while before casually asking some questions in their language. The awkwardness,  embarrassment and shock was beautiful to see.

**u/Troeawey** (543 points)

I studied Spanish for years, grew up in a hispanic area, and worked in kitchens for years. One of my first office jobs was at a resort and I had to walk through the kitchen to get somewhere. A Hispanic gentleman was commenting on my chest to his buddy. I confronted him and his eyes got big and he said “you speak Spanish?” with a big embarrassed grin on his face. I replied “sí” and kept walking. The next day his supervisor came up to me and said that I must have misheard because the guy said he was talking about his friend Pedro. I replied, “Oh ok so he was talking about Pedro’s nice big chichis (tits)?”

**u/PaleontologistSad248** (533 points)

I grew up with my Italian stepmother and her mother doing this to my entire English speaking family. They would literally be in a room full of people and just start going off like no one could tell from their tone or facial expressions/ body language that they were talking bad about someone. We all thought it was extremely rude. 

Just a couple months ago some Spanish speakers got hired at my company. They didn’t like our policies and decided to talk bad about the white female manager- en espanol. But unfortunately for them we had just fired two people for being racist and several of the (all white) people in the room could understand what they were saying. So they all got fired too. Play stupid games win stupid prizes I guess.

**u/MitochondriA33** (516 points)

It's always wild to me that other people assume that someone's not speaking spanish because they ''look white'', while there's literally an european country full of white people from where the language originated (⁠ಠ⁠_⁠ಠ⁠)

**u/TimidPocketLlama** (488 points)

Whenever people ask what superpower would you like to have, people usually say either flying or invisibility. I say fluency in every language.

**u/Existing_Winter5679** (476 points)

My husband and I were both born in the Midwest, but he spent 11 years in Puerto Rico when he was younger and is obviously fluent in Spanish.  We lived in Orlando in the early 2000s in a heavily Latino area.  We were in line at a gas station one night and two women behind us were talking in Spanish behind us about how the eye of the sun God tattoo on the back of my husband's neck was a sign of the devil. He just turned around and told them in Spanish that he earned it for killing his first Christian.  They got white faced and wide eyed, set their stuff on a shelf and rushed out without saying a word.  I still laugh about it to this day

**u/Venice2seeYou** (412 points)

My son took three years of Chinese, we are Scottish/Latino on his grandparents sides. We were at a Chinese restaurant, I ordered unsweetened tea and they brought me sweet tea; I just asked for water instead. The waiter mumbled something and my son told me he said ‘this lady is difficult’ , when we left my son said to them in Chinese we enjoyed our meal., thank you very much! The looks on their faces! You could see the wheels turning trying to remember what else they might have said about us!

**u/dirkalict** (409 points)

Yeah- 60 year old pale as milk ginger here and I’m pretty fluent in Spanish. My best employees are all Mexican and it makes things easier when they are trying to explain something to me.

**u/bumbletowne** (404 points)

My coworkers are like wow you took Spanish in school? 

I'm from California. 60% of the population speaks Spanish. My mother is fluent (native American), my siblings both married Mexicans. 

Why would you assume someone doesn't speak at least a little Spanish in this state?

**u/Any_Base5746** (363 points)

My niece did this at work. She ran the food service for a large hospital. She’s a redhead with Celtic milky white skin. Naturally, the workers in the kitchen didn’t know she spoke fluent Spanish. In her first week, she did a walk through of the kitchen and the women were making fun of her, remarking that she probably slept her way to her position. My niece just kept walking, not letting on she understood what they were saying. The next morning she stood up to conduct her first staff meeting, only she did it in perfect Spanish! 😂😂😂
The women were embarrassed and she just stopped for a minute and smiled at them and continued the meeting.

**u/mbeavgiants** (361 points)

Literally had my mind blown when someone (Spanish speaker) was telling me I shouldn’t speak Spanish because I’m white. She could not comprehend that Spain, a country in Europe, is where the language comes from.

**u/miphas_grace** (327 points)

it’s sweet that the couple learned each other’s original languages :’)

**u/MoveDifficult1908** (322 points)

I was helping a French mom and daughter at a pizza place in Berkeley long ago, and when I bent over to get their salads, the mom said, “Quel cul, eh?”

I was so surprised that I’m sure my face showed it.  The daughter looked like she wanted to melt into the floor.  But it’s Berkeley, right?  It’s not like nobody there has an education.
