# Cab driver rips me to shreds, thinking I can’t understand him—but I can 

**Sub:** r/pettyrevenge  
**Author:** u/bagelundercouch  
**Score:** 39,566  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/1hd2r0e/cab_driver_rips_me_to_shreds_thinking_i_cant/  

---

Obligatory this happened several years ago, a few months after I had moved to Chicago. I had moved there from Romania, where I'd been living and going to school. Love Romania, people are great, drop what you're doing and visit. Anyway, while I was there, due to my living situation, I had to learn the language fast and thoroughly--not many people around me spoke English, outside of the uni I was at. 

So fast forward to the few months after I arrived in Chicago. Imagine my surprise when the driver of the Uber I had ordered appeared to have a Romanian name. The area had a lot of Eastern Europeans so I guess it shouldn't have been so surprising. I was really excited to talk to him and make sure I wasn't getting rusty, maybe make a friend. 

Up pulls the guy, I get in, he greets me but he appears to be on the phone with a buddy/family member, so I just sit quietly in the back, listening in a bit. The person on the other end asks if the driver is getting off work soon. He responded with something like the following:

"No, I still have a few hours left, then I'll go home. Right now I have someone in the car. God, I hate this country, the women here are so fat and ugly. At least this one has a nice chest but why can't she lose some weight?" And he goes on and on about all the problems with me and other American women. Now I've always been a bit on the chonky side and you best believe the Romanians loved to comment on it so I was used to it. But I was a bit shocked that this guy was going off like that. 

Anyway, I'm just kinda sitting bemused in the back seat as we near my destination. Then I tell him, in Romanian, with all my might trying to pull off the distinct accent of the region I had been living in: "Can you just pull over there, on the right?"

I swear this guy's head did the Exorcist girl head move and he turned a shade of red I have seen nowhere else in nature. He didn't say anything, just pulled over. When I got out I said thanks and added: "You're not attractive and you're also fat so maybe you shouldn't make comments like that." 

I have never again reached such levels of self pride. 

ETA: Wow this blew up a bit. Thanks so much for the awards! Ghița (Gitza on the Uber app), if you see this....hope you're still fat and ugly, şi futu-ţi ceapa mătii!

---

## Top Comments

**u/Johannes_Keppler** (193 points)

It's always fun when I'm in a place like Amsterdam, where tourists assume you don't understand their languages apart from Dutch and English, maybe German.

But I happen to speak a few more languages and it's always fun to talk back to people in Norwegian, French or Spanish for example. Especially when they where trash talking a person or thing/attraction.

**u/NotShirleyTemple** (127 points)

Gotta have a good pocket face for that.

**u/AnnieB82** (10 points)

That's so satisfying!

I had a slightly similar thing happen in Austria.

I was with my family visitin my cousin in Germany and we crossed over to  Austria for a day trip. (I'm half Irish/half German, and have lived in Ireland since I was a kid. My kids were all born in Ireland and don't speak German).

When boarding a cable car with my husband, 4 kids and my young (German) cousin, I was confused as to whether all 7 of us would fit, so was muttering in English to my husband as we boarded.

I thought maybe we needed to wait for the next one, but boarded anyway as I reckoned the turnstile counted the correct number of people who could board.

As we all boarded, a German was saying out loud to her friend "ugh it's as if she expects a VIP service or something". Just the tone was so rude.

I sometimes don't notice properly the language I'm hearing, esp when I'm having to translate and switch a lot, so I didn't even realise at first that she probably assumed that I didn't understand her. Clearly English speakers never learn a 2nd language!

So I snapped back in German that I did not expect any VIP treatment and proceeded to  chat to my cousin in German.

That was one awkward ride down in the cramped wagon, and I enjoyed every second of her squirming!

**u/Grimol1** (2 points)

Li Pa pale Kreyol.

**u/CoffeeSippingCat** (2 points)

Welsh speaker living in London here, had something similar on the tube!

**u/WellbehavedKitten** (2 points)

Unfortunately, Romanians do love to comment on your weight. When I moved away from home to go to university, I wouldn’t see my mom for months at a time. When she did see me, the first thing she’d say is “te-ai îngrășat!” (You’ve gotten fatter!) Thanks mom, nice to see you too!

Not surprising though, given her mantra during my childhood and adolescence was “sugeți burta!” (Suck in your belly!)

Le sigh. So glad you told him off!

**u/Sorrysafarisanfran** (2 points)

In California a lot of nonlatinos speak at least some Spanish.  In Latin America the people are blancos, Turkos, chinos, mestizos, Indios and nigroes.   In the USA there are plenty of these Latinos of different races. Because the man or woman is blanco, doesn’t mean he or she isn’t Spanish-speaking, perhaps from Argentina etc. 

It’s fine to speak in any language in public here, but start trashing someone near you and watch out!! The tolerance for immigrants‘ antisocial or rude behavior is dropping rapidly.

**u/erosmenos** (1 points)

I love you rock! 👊🏼🤛🏻🤜🏼💪🏼

**u/halapert** (1 points)

LOVE IT HAHAHAHAHAHAHA

**u/bagelundercouch** (1 points)

Think my own rating might have taken a nosedive that day, whoops.

**u/bagelundercouch** (1 points)

THAT is amazing, and thanks for all the work you do!

**u/ratsta** (1 points)

Beautifully handled!

I can share a couple of anecdotes, not revenge but "oh shit, he understands".

A friend of mine got in an elevator one day that already had 2 people riding.  They were speaking Portuguese and from the tone, and body language, clearly discussing a matter of great importance.  My friend speaks very broken Portuguese and wasn't able to pick up much but on his way out, bade them farewell in Portuguese.  Apparently their expression as he left was one of horror :)

I lived in China for a few years and picked up survival level Mandarin and a handful of phrases in the local dialect, although I could only *say* I understand and I don't understand.  One day I walked into the mini-mart for our apartment block and Bingbing the shop lady was chatting with two older ladies.  As soon as she saw me, Bingbing greeted me enthusiastically then started bragging about her "foreign friend" and how we'd chat regularly in Chinese; which was true, once a week I'd spend an hour or two chatting with her, which was great practice for me and she clearly loved having someone to talk to.  She was there from 6-midnight, 7 days by herself, poor thing.  

When I got to the counter, the older ladies looked me up and down and one of them asked me a few questions in Mandarin, which I answered to approving smiles and nods.  As I went to leave, she switched to the local dialect and asked if I could also speak the local dialect.  I understood the question but replied, in the local dialect, Sorry, I don't understand.  Gave her a nod then headed out.  Through the window her expression showed that she wasn't sure if she'd been punked or not :D

**u/mistyrootsvintage** (1 points)

I just ordered some of those ai translation earpods...I wanna know what they are saying in the nail shops😂

**u/True_Video_8753** (1 points)

ah, yes..

**u/njtex99** (1 points)

You should report him

**u/PepperDogger** (1 points)

Aunt-in-law(?) worked in a place for YEARS and the Japanese women there talked shit about her behind her back/in Japanese for YEARS. At her retirement, she gave her farewell address in very fluent Japanese. 

One might imagine there was some loss of face, with compound interest.

**u/Adventurous-Bee4823** (1 points)

In my city there’s a large number of Russians, Ukrainians, Polish, etc. that live in a very concentrated area. Since I don’t have an accent anymore, and haven’t for a very long time nobody knew. I worked in the service industry and encountered this on a number of occasions. It always amused and tickled me pink to speak back in my native tongue, Russian, the looks were absolutely priceless 😆

**u/Roxanne712** (1 points)

if that's true that's actually incredibly sad. I met her in a coffee shop once, she's a really nice woman.

**u/Lazy_meatPop** (1 points)

At least you have a nice chest 😉

**u/iceTreamTruck** (1 points)

Delicious. Thank you.

**u/IceBlue** (1 points)

What a garbage take

**u/mariaregina317** (1 points)

Fellow social worker here— thanks for your share!

**u/wildbillhankock** (1 points)

But why can't you lose some weight..?

**u/blurbyblurp** (1 points)

What if you learn a love story about a man that won’t take off his shoes?

**u/chatterinabox** (1 points)

The best petty revenge is a powerful revenge. That was awesome you should be proud.
