# My dad (trans) has discovered how to beat transphobes in the south.

**Sub:** r/pettyrevenge  
**Author:** u/WerdaVisla  
**Score:** 37,988  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/14mc8lg/my_dad_trans_has_discovered_how_to_beat/  

---

Someone said this should go here.

We're currently in the south visiting family. When we were at a restaurant, my dad (ftm) had to go to the bathroom. I'm still not entirely sure how, but a guy in there determined that he was trans and went shouting to the barman to kick my dad out.

My dad, instead of trying to win that argument in a bar full of southerners, decided to go the complete other direction. He channeled his inner southern righteous fury and went off on that man for "accusing him of being a transgender", demanded he be kicked out, and called the guy an agent of Satan. Long story short, it worked. Got the other guy and his family kicked out, and got a free beer for his troubles.

I thought this sub would appreciate that.

Edit: I should mention that my dad has been trans for 45 years and is the most passing person you've ever met. That's why I say I'm not sure how. Unless the guy straight up looked over the stall door, there's no way to tell.

---

## Top Comments

**u/404photo** (6,634 points)

Why would a 'straight' man be looking at another mans private parts - even worse if your dad was in a stall. I am CIS and straight but really dont give a damn who uses the bathroom as long as you leave me alone, flush, and wash your fucking hands.

**u/tomtink1** (3,915 points)

I didn't realise what sub I was on and was confused about whether the South of England was particularly known for transphobia 🤣 good on your dad.

**u/SouzTheTaxman** (1,874 points)

I had another man call me out for using the paper seat covers while taking a shit at a bar. When I walked out he called me out across the bar because he recognized my shoes. I just yelled "why do you care how another man shits?" He left shortly after. Was a very bizarre interaction but it left me thinking. How many guys sit on those piss covered bar toilet seats bare cheek?

**u/supershinythings** (1,548 points)

How DARE you!  

How DARE you SIR accuse me of being something WE ALL CLAIM TO HATE!

HOW DARE YOU!!!

&lt;accept free beer, take bow&gt;

I know a number of male friends who prefer to pee in private rather than at a public urinal.  I don't understand why people can't just let people be in restrooms.

Having been in the ladies room when a (clearly) TG person came in, it doesn't really bother me - except when they're WAY better dressed than I am, and I'm a bit put out because their makeup is PERFECT and mine, well, isn't.  Then it's just annoying.

**u/AbnoxiousRhinocerous** (1,265 points)

“The gang solves the bathroom crisis”

**u/ICreditReddit** (828 points)

The south of England is in England, so yes.

**u/ecodrew** (744 points)

&gt;dont give a damn who uses the bathroom as long as you leave me alone, flush, and wash your fucking hands.

And stand still and stare straight at the wall while using the urinal. No looking around, esp not at other crotches. 

I'd also like to add another dude law: No talking while taking a piss. Unless it's an emergency that can't wait a minute for us to finish peeing and stow our genitals for travel.

**u/jazzedoutcatto** (625 points)

The manliest thing you can do is sit in another man's piss and ass pubes

**u/Senator_Bink** (527 points)

Killing myself laughing at "agent of Satan."  Well done!

**u/chilehead** (439 points)

"Dude, you wanting to sleep with me doesn't make me trans. Keep your fantasies off me and let me take a leak in peace!"

**u/Natos_Julie** (438 points)

Sorry, as a trans woman representative, we can only teach you programmation and speedruns of games :(

**u/Ok_Human_1375** (379 points)

Cis woman here. I would love for a trans woman to teach me about make up! I used to love watching that show glam Masters with Laverne Cox

**u/babywewillbeokay** (378 points)

I love how the bathrooms at the bar were first declared "unisex" in the original glory hole episode LOL, and then it proceeded to be a non-issue until that bathroom episode revealed how much cleaner one bathroom had been all along.


Frank's joke about "interspecies" kills me every time. And Charlie "pooping transgender" kills me too. There ARE good ways to joke about things like gender &amp; race. The trans jokes from early episodes definitely hit a less delicate tone, to put it politely, but me &amp; my partner both laugh our trans asses off anyway. It was always Mac's insecurity they were punching at, anyway. I can tell the creatives behind the crafting of the the gang's shenanigans are people who "get it."

**u/Thats_right_asshole** (285 points)

My friend used this tactic once. 

I'm trans?! You're trans! Trans men can't get hard, so show me your hard dick!

Later she said "Either he'd back off or he'd be whipping out his hard dick for a tyranny. Win win."

**u/Natos_Julie** (246 points)

Wait... You don't have to examine everyone's genitals when you come into bathrooms, and show yours to people that come after you ??... /s

**u/nlnj_a** (242 points)

Fighting fire with fire.

**u/dcslv** (225 points)

I'm pretty sure the same thing would happen in Kent. That place is a raging river and some banjos away from "Deliverance".

**u/eveninglily33** (207 points)

Your Dad played the ultimate uno reverse card! What a badass 😎

**u/Somewhat_Ill_Advised** (178 points)

Ahhhh the old reverse bigotry psychology trick. Well done sir!

**u/Better-Director-5383** (153 points)

Yea turns out like anything else you can make funny jokes about Trans people it's just that, like with all other topics, if your punchline is just calling them a slur nobody but bigots is going to think it's funny.

**u/senadraxx** (152 points)

I will accept this, as these are other skills I lack. Appreciate your willingness to share!

**u/OmniscientQ** (151 points)

We generally try harder to meet the unrealistic beauty standards because we face more scrutiny. If a cis woman fails to meet the standards, falls short in any way, then she's still a woman in the public eye. If I fall short, then I'm just a dude in a dress.

**u/nixiedust** (150 points)

I offer a pre-check program where they can submit a pic in advance. Keeps things moving.

**u/Panda_hat** (141 points)

Aka terf island

**u/supershinythings** (138 points)

I find that trans-women have a hyper-critical eye towards makeup and fashion.  I’m not sure why that is.  I’m guessing it’s because they have to reshape physical development and possibly stature to change their outward perception to match the interior model - but to do that requires a keep awareness of what more masculine physical feature needs to adjust that many women don’t possess.

I’ve met some trans-women in my field - software engineering - all dolled up to the nines - dress, heels, makeup - and they really really make the effort.  I won’t do this and I’m cis-female.  I don’t give a shit what other engineers think about my appearance.  It’s usually unhelpful to me anyway.

As a result, the men get the picture really clearly - and they all talk about the tech stuff, which is all why we’re here in the first place.

I once had a resume cross my desk for a woman in my field, but I didn’t recognize the name.  I called a friend and asked, do you know &lt;her name&gt;?  She says she wrote this and that but I don’t know her???

And then I was told oh, that’s her new name, her deadname is &lt;deadname&gt; which I DID recognize. Ahh OK.

So really I think a problem they face in industry is that it’s difficult to benefit from past experience as &lt;deadname&gt; if there’s no reference to it on the resume.  

We’re all wondering who this person is that claims to have been working in our field for 20 years but nobody knows this name - we all know each other but this person is a complete stranger.  It’s not like a bulletin goes out telling us who has changed their name and why.

I’m willing to bet a few resumes have been tossed not because the person is unqualified, but because nobody knows them by the name on the resume, so it’s just assumed bullshit.

So that’s something that I suppose a trans person who changes their name needs to be aware of.  To claim the technical achievements one must communicate the name under which those achievements were attained, as we may well want to read the patent or the paper or whatever.

I also saw a resume cross my desk where the person claimed to have done the very work that I did at the same previous company, and at the same time.  I knew this person so it was hilarious that he thought he could just claim my work product after I left.

My boss showed it to me because the person was applying.  After laughing out of my chair the resume went into the NEVER EVER HIRE pile.  That’s worse than the trash can because we checked the NEVER pile for every incoming resume in case they tried again.
