# My ex cheated, so I refunded a gift and now she's livid.

**Sub:** r/pettyrevenge  
**Author:** u/snagleradio78  
**Score:** 35,489  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/1136rkp/my_ex_cheated_so_i_refunded_a_gift_and_now_shes/  

---

My ex broke up with me just about a year into us dating. In hindsight, she was awful but I was blind to it all. She broke up with me over the phone, which seemed a little informal from all the time we spent together. Fast forward a week after that, several individuals connected to her, but not each other, confirmed she was in fact seeing another man. I didn't confront her about it, because I realize that things just don't work out sometimes. It was just the way she went about it that irked me. I'm old enough (late 30s) to accept that people are just assholes, but I also felt like she was getting away with something without feeling even a bit of remorse (the breakup was the only contact, no calls or texts occurred after that over a year ago)

I remembered for Christmas that I bought her (us) a really expensive couples massage spa package because she would always say how she wanted to do something like that. I had purchased some big package from a local place that cost roughly $600. I obviously didn't have the certificate with me. I decided to go to the spa and make up a story of how I lost the certificate. I showed them the receipt (always keep those!) and showed him my credit card charge. They wound up reissuing me a gift card, and canceling the other. 

That was over a year ago and frankly I forgot about it. Today I get a call from her (first contact in a year since breaking up) and she's screaming at me over the phone that the gift certificate is no good and the spa place accused her of "stealing" and what a POS I was for reporting it to be such. (I called the guy, he said he told her it was reported stolen) I just politely explained I didn't think she was deserving of it and if she really wanted to, she could just have Mark (dude she was bangin') pay for new one. I then hung up. Gonna make an appointment to use that card with my new GF soon. 

Mission accomplished.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Gorilla1969** (15,671 points)

I did this with an ex and his birthday gift.

He was hinting *hard* that he wanted to see a certain band. The tickets were very expensive. I told him that maybe he would get tickets for his birthday, which he did. In his birthday card, I placed 2 neatly folded ticket printouts, one for each of us.

He suddenly and conveniently broke up with me a couple of days later, with the concert happening only a few days after that. I knew that he was planning to go with whoever he broke up with me for, and I also knew that he was too stupid to know that I could have the tickets reprinted, which would **void** his copies. (Can you still do that? This was the early days of self-printed tickets.)

So I did exactly that. I printed off new tickets, invited my brother, and we had a great time. When we left the venue, I turned on my phone and noticed I had 7 missed calls, over a dozen texts, and a very long and scream-cry-filled voicemail. He had showed up to the venue all ready to impress his new girl with an expensive concert. *OOPS!*

My brother and I sat in the car and laughed at his messages while we waited for traffic to thin out. I never responded and, after a few more hate-filled texts, never heard from him again. 

Fuck you Howard.

Edit: For those asking, it was the Rolling Stones and it happened in the mid-2000s. I'm pretty sure his broke ass never got to see them live, and I hope he thinks of me being partially responsible for that every time he hears Start Me Up on the radio.

**u/CoderJoe1** (7,733 points)

What a way to send a massage

**u/snagleradio78** (6,105 points)

Lol fuck Howard!

**u/Strix780** (3,100 points)

This is excellent.  You deprived her of her spa trip, you embarrassed her publicly, and you made her look like a petty thief.  Well done.

**u/rengothrowaway** (2,951 points)

Oh my god, I did this about ten years ago with a massage gift certificate for around $400.00. 

I gave it to my ex for Valentine’s Day and said we could use it for couple’s massages or he could use it on himself. I found out he was cheating, and had been for a long time, very soon after. It made me sick and super pissed thinking he may get take the other woman to get a massage using MY money, and his cheating ass didn’t deserve a massage, either.

I called the spa and explained what happened, and asked if they could do anything. They asked for the name of the cheater and his cheating accomplice, and told me they banned them from the spa. Something about bad vibes. They asked if I wanted a refund or to use the money for treatments for myself. I used up the money on myself, and the spa even gave me discounted massages so the $400.00 actually was worth far more. 

It took me over a year to use up that gift certificate money.

**u/ssup3rm4n** (2,583 points)

Me and my homies hate Howard.

**u/jmccorky** (2,335 points)

Beautiful! Please tell me she didn't find out the certificate wasn't any good until AFTER she got the treatments, forcing her to pay $600 herself.

**u/monkeyharris** (2,053 points)

Really rubbing it in.

**u/waste0331** (1,807 points)

This is hilarious. The funniest part to me is after cheating and not talking for a year she still thought she was going to go to the spa and later laugh to her friends about her stupid ex paying for her spa date. She probably even did a pre brag and invited a friend and got embarrassed at the the check in. Good form sir

Edit- spelling mistakes due to laughing about OP.

**u/snagleradio78** (1,725 points)

I wish! It was before because they make you put a card on file and I think she got there to tell them she had a GC and that's when they told her it was no good. Yea that would been a better ending!

**u/Tomwiththebadbreath** (1,633 points)

Left the abusive ex, realized I still had the big membership store card in MY name. I'd been paying for it for a while &amp; they never said a word. Just kept using it with out a peep. I knew they were using it because when I asked customer service at membership store, they could see all the transactions they'd made.

So I canceled it &amp; had them dropped, with a new card issued for me only.

30 minutes later my phone starts blowing up. Turns out the ex was at the membership store WHILE I WAS CANCELING THE CARD.

I just laughed &amp; laughed. Told them to get their own.

Still gives me anxiety when I think about it. Black eyes &amp; a broken nose will never be forgotten.

**u/spin_me_again** (1,241 points)

Am I your homie? Because I hate Howard too.

**u/snagleradio78** (1,152 points)

Passive, aggressive, petty revenge is the best kind of revenge. No need for yelling or violence!

**u/Caliblair** (943 points)

My old boyfriends birthday was also Christmas day, so I decided to get him a really big gift to cover both holidays. We were in Anaheim, so I bought him a Disneyland pass. He had gone a handful of times as a kid, but I'd been a passholder my whole life (I had a family member who got us insane discounts).

Now Disneyland passes allow you to put down a 'downpayment' and then make monthly payments to keep it up. If you miss a payment, they void the pass, you can't resume payments, you just lose out. (Not sure if this is still the policy, but it was then.) I explained all this to him, and told him I put the payments on Autopay for both our passes.

We broke up in April and so I stopped making payments on his pass. If he'd asked, I would have transferred ownership to him, but he never asked.

Then in June he called me PISSED. He had planned a whole day at Disneyland with his new girlfriend, and had just been told his pass had been voided a few months ago. He told me I needed to resume payments, and when I explained that wouldn't work he told that I needed to buy him a new pass.

Yeah, hard pass. Or no pass I guess.

**u/drdalebrant** (787 points)

Funniest part is she likely got the services done and then went to pay with the GC that didn't work. Now she's on the hook for $600 spa fee

**u/xppp** (620 points)

We're all homies on this blessed day

**u/captain_flak** (586 points)

Quite a body blow.

**u/snagleradio78** (577 points)

That's awesome!

**u/dreamerlilly** (548 points)

I think that’s better in some ways. She sounds like the kind of person who would have refused to pay if she found out afterwards. Maybe she would have been arrested for theft at that point, but it would have sucked for the massage therapist who was counting on that income and tip for their hard work.

**u/_TheShapeOfColor_** (545 points)

Homies Against Howard.

And OPs ex-gf too.

**u/Gorilla1969** (493 points)

You kinda buried the lede in the last sentence.

**u/ExcellentTone** (439 points)

Seems to clearly fall under "sucks to suck" jurisdiction, I can't believe she was actually mad at you lol

**u/L00mis** (422 points)

What I am most impressed with is my 30s+ dude here is slinging enough game to turn around that quick… how are you meeting these people!!

**u/iMogal** (396 points)

Awesome! My story about my ex is very similar. Had front row seats to Aerosmith.
She bought them on her account, but we used my credit card to pay for them.
Bought them nearly a year in advance.
She had all the ticket info and reciepts for the concert. I had nothing but the bill.
Well she ended up leaving me a couple months later...
Then Steve fell off the stage prior to our date with the concert.
And the concert got cancelled and reimbursements went back to the original CC, and that would be mine.
She was livid and I was laughing hysterically....
Thanks Steve, glad your alright.

**u/Ok_Balance8844** (372 points)

Reminds me…My bf asked me what I wanted to do for my bday, I noticed a band I like was playing, so I planned to get him, my friends, and I some tickets. He asked me what I wanted his gift to be, and I said I don’t want anything. He said, “im your bf I have to get you something.” And I said well, I don’t really want anything. And he suggested he get the tickets. I said that would be nice but I wanted it to be a gift to him and my friends. Nonetheless, he ended up getting the tickets. 

Fast forward to the weekend before the concert, my bf kept getting mad at me for random things. Even accused me of cheating because he felt like I was talking to him less (it was bc I was working). He threatened a few times that he wouldn’t come see me, and said one time that he just wasn’t going to go to the concert, and another time that I could just go without him and bring someone else. I also was *really* sick, and we were talking for hours. My throat hurt so bad, and for work I have to talk on the phone. So I’m quite annoyed, but I’m very polite and just over it. I’m not being snappy or anything, I’m just like, okay if you don’t want to come that’s your choice, if that’s how you want to handle this all, that’s up to you. I can’t force you to do anything. 

He got mad because he felt I didn’t care, but I explained I’m really sick, I have work, and ultimately birthdays aren’t very important to me. The only thing I cared about was seeing him and spending time with my friends. And I didn’t say but, If he wanted to to cancel that and ruin my bday, there is nothing I can do about it. 

He hung up on me and then called me back when he realized I wasn’t going to call him back. Lol… and he started yelling at me again. Meanwhile I can barely speak. He eventually was like ok you’re really sick well just talk later. 🙄 

Next day he texts me periodically asking how I am, whatever. I’m not replying because he wanted to pay for the tickets, and now he was going to ruin my chance to see a band I really like all because he thinks I don’t send him enough nudes or whatever while he is away. (Which irrelevant but I always did a bunch of things he never did for me, so why would I put effort in for someone who doesn’t for me..) 

Eventually he called more and I didn’t answer. Eventually though I did answer and I was like, well it seems like ur mind is made up anyway. And if you don’t want to come see me, I can’t force u to come. Again, he claims I don’t care, when really I’m just exhausted by his antics.. a week or two before this I even thought we were broken up. Because he just kept going on drunken rants and then acting like nothing happened the next day. 

Eventually though, like the next day, he says he is coming, but overall, I think the only reason he came is because he told his family he was and also, because it was about to snow so he had to move his car and he needed somewhere to stay (inevitably with me, which he was mad at me preemptively as well, because he thought he couldn’t stay with me, even though I never said that..) so he was going to come regardless because he had to or he wouldn’t have a car in town. He just always caused unnecessary fights for attention; likely because he did something wrong (lied or cheated or both). 

I had a good birthday though. In spite of him ditching me outside of bars in 4 inch heels, &amp; being a party pooper at the concert. &amp; then he died a few days later.
