# I put vegetables in all my food to stop my roommate's kid from eating it. Mom threatens LEGAL action

**Sub:** r/pettyrevenge  
**Author:** u/veggieevengeance  
**Score:** 34,486  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/150kobh/i_put_vegetables_in_all_my_food_to_stop_my/  

---

I posted this before in a different sub but I figured it would be appreciated here and I have more things to add

&amp;#x200B;

Original post-

&amp;#x200B;

I posted this in another forum but received a lot of comments telling me to post it here as well.

I(26f) live in a rented house with a single mother(30f) and her son(6m). I had another person living with me but they moved out and the mother moved in. I don't mind living with her and her kid. It's fine and we kind of do our own thing. I spend a lot of time at my boyfriend's place or working. Our work schedules collide so we really don't interact much but when we do it's fine. No issue there.

I want to start with saying that she clearly struggles financially but I don't think it's an excuse. I don't make lots of money either.

However I've noticed that my food would go missing or portions would be taken from it. I assumed it was her kid so I asked her if she'd stop him from eating my food. I was calm about it and she just said she would. It didn't really upset me when it first started. It started getting annoying when I'd get home from work and expect to have a meal's worth of leftovers in the fridge only to see it picked through or just gone. I kept bringing it up and she started getting annoyed with me bringing it up.

Just from observing them I realized that neither of them ever eat vegetables. And judging by the food that would get picked through and the food that would be untouched. Anything with green in it was avoided. Orange chicken would be gone but chicken and broccoli would be untouched. So I started putting vegetables in EVERYTHING. I find vegetables to be delicious. And anything green or not a potato does not get eaten. So I could mix some bell peppers into the food and it would be fine. I make a big portion of vegetables pretty frequently anyway so I just started putting it in everything I eat. If I had leftover mashed potatoes i'd pour green beans in and mix it up. If I had leftover cheesy/bacon fries I'd pour broccoli all over it and mix it in.

Usually my homemade stuff has vegetables in it but I started making sure everything did. I made a pot of mac n cheese(the kid's favorite thing) and poured in roasted brussel sprouts. Which is actually delicious to me and I'm eating more vegetables so it's a win win. She had been seeming annoyed but we were all home when I made the pot of mac n cheese. She was in the living room and saw me get out the brussel sprouts and was like "what are you going to do with that?" and I poured them in. She said I was being greedy and annoying. I just said "I like brussel sprouts" and that was it. She said "we need food" and I told her to go get some. Or stop buying only prepackaged things and your money will go further.

I think she sees this as some big act of revenge but I just simply want to be able to eat my food.

Also want to add that the sharing is not the issue. It's expecting to have food there and it's not. So often I'd be working a long day and get home expecting to have a meal's worth of food and it all be gone. Or I wake up in a rush and had my food ready to eat in the morning only to find it gone. So now I have to skip breakfast. If she would simply text sometimes "hey is it okay if we eat \*food item\*" I would know and know to make other plans. I would stop for food or know I have to whip something up when I get home. Also I think eating the LAST of someone else's food is crazy and rude. If someone makes a big pot of something and you ask for a serving, sure. But if someone made something and there is one serving left and you eat it without permission that is evil as hell.

&amp;#x200B;

UPDATE

&amp;#x200B;

So I have been steadfast with putting vegetables in everything. I've put vegetables in things I've never even thought of. This has carried on and the mom calls me a jerk but will not verbalize that she is eating my food. She just sees me making a lasagna and adding celery and bellpeppers in the layers of fumes off to the side. The only thing I can't add vegetables to is snacks like chips or if I bake brownies or cookies. However this is easily remedied by putting baked goods in a tupperware and keeping them in my room. Same with chips. As I have previously stated the sharing is not the issue. Recently the kid knocked on my door and asked if he would have a bag of microwave popcorn. I said yes and gave him one. All of this would be way less annoying if she'd just text "hey can I have some of this" and waited for my response before just helping herself.

&amp;#x200B;

I do feel for the mom because she clearly struggles with cooking and trying new foods. She is older than me and winces at the thought of biting into anything green. And it is spreading to her kid but it's no excuse. A few days ago I was making taco meat out of ground beef and like usual she was looking without looking. She was off to the side watching my every move but trying her to look normal. I made a dish the day before that involved sautéed mushrooms and cut up peppers. So when the meat was almost ready I opened the fridge and she freaked when she saw me holding the mushrooms. She said "(son's name) hates mushrooms!" and I just poured them in the pan and mixed along with the cut up peppers.

&amp;#x200B;

This caused her to react in a way I'd never seen from her before. She was yelling and stomping around the kitchen while the kid just watched. Felt bad for the kid to have to see his mom like that. People were worried about her tampering with my food. I don't think she's the kind to do that but if she did I would report that right away. She was flipping out but she didn't snatch my food or knock anything over. She was opening and slamming cabinets and it was all very silly.

&amp;#x200B;

Then she started going off about how she is going to get the authorities involved. I just told her "sure" and that she needs to relax. She seemed genuinely upset and stressed and I told her that I understand being a single mom is hard but she needs to use her government assistance more responsibly. She'll come home with cold mac n cheese, sushi, and chicken from the grocery store prepared foods and blow all if it on that. I suggested food pantries and buying ingredients that last a while like potatoes. She said I was being condescending and I always have food to eat.

&amp;#x200B;

This is to address the "just make a portion of your food and set it aside for her and the kid." I do NOT make enough money to regularly feed two other people. If every now and then she asked for some of my leftovers, sure. But this is a consistent thing that was happening. It's not simple as giving her leftovers that I "won't eat anyway." If I make a pot of something I expect live off of that for the next few days. If it is eaten then MY money is messed up and I have to go shopping again and budget for more food. Wastes my time and money

---

## Top Comments

**u/Endlessbeachday** (9,588 points)

I would have stopped dead in my tracks and asked her why she was telling me that her son hates mushrooms. Call her out directly. Stop skirting the issue. Her food insecurity is NOT your problem. Her STEALING your food is your problem.

Edit: thanks for the awards!

**u/Upper_Ad_9575** (5,835 points)

I can’t believe people suggested that you make food for the kids. Some Redditors must be in the top 0.1%, lol. 

You sound like an awesome cook though. I think you may turn them into veggie lovers soon.

**u/RedditSkippy** (5,170 points)

Yeah, it sounds like the mom is very eager to hand you the job of buying their groceries and feeding her kid.  No way.  Not your job.

What I find funny is that, if they’re so hungry, neither of them will stoop to eating a vegetable.

EDIT: Thanks for the gold!

EDIT 2: Thanks for the “All Seeing” award!

**u/Skibrym** (3,630 points)

If people are hungry enough, they'll eat way more than they think.

Back in college, I had a roommate move out and the complex moved somebody in. He was a total slob - almost never bathed, ate our food without contributing, left dishes in the sink (and one memorable time, put the dirty dishes in the dishwasher without soap... ever seen food turned into a form of ceramic?), and just generally mooched off the three of us. When we found evidence he'd tried to break into our bedrooms for stuff to pawn, we hatched a plan. We stopped buying any food, at all, and started eating out at all times. Meanwhile one of the other roommates went to the local Asian market and put two cans of pickled crickets in the cabinet. 

And then we waited.

As time went on, he asked again and again, "hey, when you guys gonna go get some groceries?" to which we would just not respond. This went on for about two weeks. Finally one day we came in and said roommate was being violently ill in the bathroom, and one of the cans of crickets was gone. After that he started contributing (read: conning his girlfriend into buying food). He got evicted a short time later, but that story has always stuck with me.

**u/Tommydean22** (3,084 points)

You need to find a new roommate or new place to live, that situation won’t get any better

**u/Obviouslynameless** (1,858 points)

I have a rule that if you eat/take the last of something, you let me know. It's not about the sharing. It's about knowing I have something and looking forward to it, only to find it gone. Replacing it later still means I don't get to enjoy something of mine when I was expecting to.

OP - you are not doing anything wrong. She and her kid are NOT your responsibility. You could be making a million dollars a year, and they still wouldn't be your responsibility. The mother (and eventually her child) needs to learn to take responsibility and take care of themselves. It's the mother's job to provide for her child, not yours.

**u/ivegotaqueso** (1,524 points)

The kid is just the mom’s excuse. It’s the mom who’s primarily eating her food too. Notice how the son has enough brain to ask OP for popcorn. If the son wanted some of OP’s food he would ask her. It’s the mom who wants OP’s food cooked to the mom’s taste. She doesn’t eat greens either.

**u/stinstin555** (1,368 points)

NGL. Single Mom should have said this is how much I get in food assistance benefits monthly, if I pool it with you can we shop and meal prep together so I can pick up some cooking tips? Judging from the temperament of OP I bet she would have been more than happy to oblige.

The audacity to just eat someone’s food and not say anything?!

**u/Toasterferret** (1,239 points)

This. I don’t get why people beat around the bush in these situations.

**u/Primary-School-4658** (1,168 points)

the way the kid is more responsible than his mom and asked if he could have something when he realised says a lot... sounds like she's got a lot of growing up to do :/

**u/Foggy_Radish** (1,145 points)

Wow the entitlement! As if it's YOUR job to feed her and her kid. Back in the day when things were stupid tight for our family, we hit the food pantries, we cooked everything from scratch so we could stretch everything out. We made it work. I cannot imagine feeling entitled to someone else's food like that. As for what her son is learning from all this, oh my!

**u/maxxspeed** (914 points)

I just don't understand the entitlement.  What makes them think other people will just feed them for free?

**u/NibblesMcGiblet** (672 points)

This deserves it's own thread. It's magnificent.

**u/Sooner70** (669 points)

&gt;  I think you may turn them into veggie lovers soon.

I highly doubt it.

As a vegie hater, I went days without eating when I was in the military 'cause the cooks thought they'd put veggies in whatever slop they were serving.  Eating that shit never crossed my mind.

That said, I'm not condemning OP.  Sounds like her roommate is a piece of work.

**u/Agitated_Fun_7628** (660 points)

Op's roommate is a child herself and has no business raising a kid. She can't even eat a vegetable, that's pathetic.

**u/Theron3206** (659 points)

It's what their mum always did and they still think the world works the same way it did when they were 5.

**u/candacebernhard** (648 points)

Her stomping around and banging cabinets is abusive behavior. Her entitlement and rage will escalate...

Hope OP listens to you

**u/invisiblefox42** (576 points)

Ex “Okay, thats a bummer, I love them. You should probably warn him I put them on this then. I love veggies.” Or even more direct “Alright then, odd thing for you to say, seeing as I’m not cooking for him or you, and didn’t ask.”

**u/kylife** (535 points)

“Kindness” people pleasing. They don’t wanna feel uncomfortable in their own home.

**u/megofehr** (493 points)

You can add zucchini to brownies. I even saw an insta reel recently where someone made apple pie without apples. They again used zucchini.

**u/VixenFactor** (473 points)

I know you shouldn't have to but can you get a mini fridge for your room? Are you able to lock your door?

I remember thinking about a yogurt I had in a shared fridge. I had a long work day.  I was so looking forward to it. As soon as I got home, I went straight to the fridge and it was GONE. My roommate chuckled and said "oops." I never touched her food. The fridge was mine. She didn't even apologize.

I told her to replace it. I gave her a week. No replacement yogurt.

I got rid of the fridge. I never had another roommate again. I never spoke to her again or anyone who spoke to her.

That happened in 1985 when I was in college. I just turned 57 and I still remember that.

Don't interrupt my sleep and don't finish my food if you're not going to replace it. I happily cook for people and share food with people. Don't be greedy and selfish.

Fuck you Lisa. I still remember.

Anyway... Maybe your own fridge would help if you feel like having a veggie free meal?

I would do the exact same thing you did. I love veggies too.

***********************************************************

EDIT: You... Guys ... Are... AWESOME! I had no idea I had so many like-minded cohorts out there! I love your comments and commiseration.

Thank you OP and thank you everyone for knowing EXACTLY how I feel.😊

EDIT 2: Thank you SO MUCH for the awards! Wowza!

**u/aTomzVins** (407 points)

Seriously. There's no good that can possibly come from living with this individual. Even if she seems fine the rest of the time this situation is telling of her true character. At the very least she is a slightly unhinged asshole.

**u/apathy-sofa** (389 points)

Nailed it. I knew a few kids in college that left their trash everywhere - the coffee table, on the lawn, classroom desks - and when challenged were just like, "there's people to clean that."

**u/SparklyLeo_** (382 points)

This is already an uncomfortable living situation. By not addressing it directly, the mother will keep trying to get away with it.
