# I was told to post this here. Caught GF cheating. This was my response.

**Sub:** r/pettyrevenge  
**Author:** u/[deleted]  
**Score:** 34,455  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/15niven/i_was_told_to_post_this_here_caught_gf_cheating/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Storm_Bjorn** (5,793 points)

The opposite of love isn’t hate, it’s indifference. Unemotional separation is perfect.

**u/BrazenRavens** (3,347 points)

Heartless, I love it.  There's no reason to subject yourself to the theatrical tears after she couldn't even give you a serious apology when you confronted her.

**u/DaLoCo6913** (1,963 points)

I like this. You made sure she knew it was done whilst avoiding the wailing walrus impersonation.

**u/Camel_Holocaust** (1,939 points)

I had this mentality when I was going through a divorce. She asked me so many times if I "wanted to talk about it" or if I was OK. I just always responded with silence or indifference and it made her so mad. She called me all kinds of names and hurtful things because I wouldn't give her the drama she craved. She cheated on me as well, so there was nothing left for me emotionally, that person is basically dead to me, why should I bother talking to it?

**u/Aredditdorkly** (1,190 points)

Proud of you.

**u/ita_lioness** (1,095 points)

Not heartless, this is surgical precision - kudos to you for coming up with an elegant way to remove yourself from drama. Brilliant!

**u/Chem_Diva** (683 points)

This is great, I did something similar once. The only thing you forgot to do was cut the lights off. When I moved out I called the electric company for a disconnection of service. It takes a few days but it is an extra gotcha moment.

**u/ProfessionalEnabler** (628 points)

This has many similarities to my situation when I found out that my wife was cheating on me, so good for you! I even planned on forgiving her if she’d just admit it in our marriage counseling sessions, which our therapist knew my feelings when I showed him my evidence (but she didn’t know I knew).  

When I knew it was the end, and she wouldn’t admit to anything or even do the work to repair our 10 year bond, I didn’t pout, I didn’t yell, I planned. Separated some finances a little bit at a time, got a storage unit under my mom’s name and card and paid her cash for it, filled it with multiple car loads of my stuff when she was at work, planned with a buddy who had a spare bedroom, and waited…. 

Finally had a Sunday where she had to work all day. She left super early assuming I was still asleep and would be for hours. The minute she was gone I had most of my family and several friends show up with a UHAUL they had ready a block away. Just rush-packed everything, moved into my new place, set up my bed and TV, and waited for her to try and call, then finally text, “Where am I supposed to sleep?”, in which I could FINALLY respond after much thought, “How about Joe’s bed [name changed], I’m sure you’re familiar with it!”  

Zing! 🤷🏻‍♂️

**u/jhngrc** (450 points)

He did well. While retaliation would have been expected and understandable, his quiet exit showed magnanimity and self respect. Cut off the drama, full stop.

**u/Competitive-Cause-91** (409 points)

This wasn’t pretty. It could be Nuclear.

**u/Imarealdoctor064** (387 points)

'It'

**u/canadianmonkey1** (351 points)

"wailing walrus impersonation" haha, this is so accurate for an ex of mine.

**u/qion97** (341 points)

Looks like she wanted to take the burden of her shoulders. But you never allowed it. Great job!

**u/Capt-Cupcake** (334 points)

It wasn’t Barbie, it was Oppenheimer.

**u/ExaminationNo2861** (323 points)

Fuck around and find out. Though I would have stayed in the place and left her little bit of stuff outside, in the rain

**u/Zestyclose-Ad-3168** (319 points)

Let’s not suggest revenge porn in here. It’s illegal and disgusting no matter what went down.

**u/TheyDidLizFilthy** (317 points)

this guy is a fucking savage holy shit. probably the most based thing i’ve read on this website in months

**u/ActualProject** (299 points)

Exactly, this isn't heartless at all. He took what was his and calmly left the situation - heartless would be some nuclear revenge or crazy unwarranted comeback.

**u/S-Cubed-Collection** (284 points)

You dodged that bullet well.  Live &amp; learn.

**u/Wonderful_Pie_7220** (213 points)

From my experience they want you mad so you say something mean or whatever and it makes them look less bad

**u/nursingninjaLB** (202 points)

I did this back in the olden days of landlines. DBag worked out of town and returned on weekends, usually later Friday night. The phone was his lifeline. I called the phone company, the electric company AND the cable company, and pretended I was Mrs. DBag and we were moving out of town over the weekend. 

It took a few days for all his services to be restored. It was awesome.

**u/BannedFoeLife** (198 points)

Petty? That was legendary, we need more dudes like you in the world for real!

**u/thr0wawayvhsorbeta** (183 points)

I had been divorced from my narcissist ex for several years before I learned the term "gray rocking." It blew my mind that there was a term for the thing that I had just instinctively been doing all along.

**u/eiileenie** (169 points)

That almost deserves its own post I want to know what she responded with so bad

**u/SizzleanQueen** (160 points)

I see this quote on Reddit all the time. I think people misunderstand the actual meaning. Here’s the entire quote from Elie Wiesel:

The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.
