# Ruin My Wedding To Propose? I'll Ruin Your Proposal.

**Sub:** r/pettyrevenge  
**Author:** u/Neither-Glove-4355  
**Score:** 33,843  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/yd31iu/ruin_my_wedding_to_propose_ill_ruin_your_proposal/  

---

Throwaway Account

I (35m)  have a young brother "Todd" (29m) who had a complicated birth and had to stay a month in the ICU and because of that my parents have always doted on him and almost denied him nothing, even if it was to the detriment of my sister "Abby" (32f) and I. My brother drinks in on the attention and has on more than one occasion made himself the center of attention at either my, my sister's, or a cousin's special event.

Because of this Abby and I have a strained relationship with Todd and our parents. Unfortunately, Todd met and fell in love with "Lucy" (24f) who announced her own pregnancy at the baby shower my mom held for Abby.

When I proposed to my wife "Michelle" (30f) I just wanted to elope but she really wanted her family to be there so I invited my family out of obligation. While out my best man "Jim" (35m) noticed a receipt from a jewelry store slipped out of Todd's pocket. Jim confronted Todd about this which led to an argument. Jim told me everything and I told Todd that he was no longer going to be a groomsman because I knew he was going to propose at my wedding. Todd cried to our parents and which led to a blow out.

In my parents' eyes, since Todd never admitted that he was going to propose to Lucy at my wedding I was unfairly judging him. I refused and brought up Todd's past behavior. My parents couldn't refute this and got Todd to agree to not try anything at my wedding. This wasn't enough to convince me to let him be a groomsman but I warned him that if, as a guest, he'd try anything I would make him regret it. Fast forward to the wedding and surprise surprise Todd walked over to Lucy and proposed to her during Michelle's father-daughter dance and did it in a way so that EVERYONE would notice.

Cue my revenge, Jim and I had hired a woman to pretend to be Todd's side piece who cornered Todd and Lucy and claimed that she was pregnant with his baby. Todd denied this but when she called his phone, I gave her his number and messed with Todd's phone to incriminate him, it didn't look good. Lucy threw the ring back at Todd and left in tears.

When Todd saw the smile on my face he knew that it was me and I didn't respond to a single call/text from him or my parents until after the honeymoon. Lucy has thrown Todd's stuff out and has been denying access to their kid. Todd is furious and is demanding that I clear his name. I sent him a text saying that I had no idea what he was talking about as well as a screenshot of a bill for the wedding and gave a vague message demanding reimbursement for half of the wedding costs. Michelle knew the whole time what I was planning and gave me the green light after Todd ruined her moment with her dad, so I felt pretty good but now even Abby thinks I went too far.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Fine_Cheek_4106** (10,042 points)

Let's not feel too sorry for Lucy in this either - she announced HER pregnancy at *her SIL'S baby shower*. Obviously she is fine with stealing the spotlight onto herself too - they're a couple made in a manure pile.

I feel sorry for the kid in the sense of his Dad fucking around and finding out, and I hope it comes better for him, but Todd and Lucy can go and get stuffed.

**u/sysadminbj** (6,237 points)

Dude…..  That’s fucking diabolical.  You did warn the attention seeking prick though.  I don’t blame you. You don’t steal attention from the bride. ESPECIALLY during the father daughter dance.

**u/lilMsKabernacus** (3,831 points)

DURING THE FATHER DAUGHTER DANCE?!? That’s insane… I love what you did. May be time to go no contact instead of low contact 😂 you have your new family now

**u/Neither-Glove-4355** (2,909 points)

Honestly. I think it's because I'm not really this type of person. It's out of character for me.

**u/aquavenatus** (2,832 points)

#THIS!!!

However, I find it interesting that Lucy hasn’t considered that OP might have done this on purpose as payback towards both her and Todd.

**u/PortlyCloudy** (2,639 points)

I don't see anywhere in your description where he's apologized for his actions, so I wouldn't worry about apologizing for yours either.

**u/CaptainDogeSparrow** (2,439 points)

"Todd" sounds like the type of dude that when he feels like farting he pushes all out instead of slowly testing to see if it's fart or shit.

**u/Ugicywapih** (2,245 points)

1. Todd gets caught out.

2. Todd gets warned not to try anything or *he will regret it*

3. Todd does his thing anyway

4. Todd is made to regret doing his thing

Yeah, things escalated into a nuclear option, but dude had every opportunity not to be a shitnugget. If he's left doing his best Surprised Pikachu impression now, that's on him.

**u/therealijc** (1,866 points)

If this is real. It’s more pro/ nuclear revenge. IMO

**u/aquavenatus** (1,735 points)

Everyone, including you, have their breaking point. You did warn your brother. I’m so sorry you and your sister went your entire lives putting up with your brother’s behavior and your parents enabling it. I hope his child doesn’t pick up on his parents’ behaviors.

That being said, Congratulations on your wedding and on your revenge (your wife sounds awesome)! I hope your sister comes around soon. 

I believe you’ve made your decision regarding your brother and your parents.

Good Luck with everything!!!

**u/Neither-Glove-4355** (1,514 points)

He hasn't.

**u/dellaevaine** (1,345 points)

Todd may finally be realizing there are consequences to pissing people off and walking on their big moments.  NTA  and Todd (and your parents) have some learning and growing up to do.

**u/GhoeAguey** (1,106 points)

Thats a … really specific description

**u/MinimumKind3501** (1,092 points)

Now this is how it’s done.  I’m an only child but if I  had a brother that acted this way, I’d get my revenge too.  Fuck everyone that tries to make you feel guilty.  You warned him and your parents.  Your poor wife….thats awesome you had her back though…

**u/noelmatta** (1,021 points)

I can’t imagine what OP would consider nuclear revenge lol. “So I killed Todd and infected Lucy’s family tree up to 2 generations with every disease known to man mmmmk”

**u/WhisperingHope44** (895 points)

I can’t believe the audacity, it would be one thing if he waited until the party was dying down and it was just family and a few friends left to do it with his brothers blessing. But against his wishes during one of the most intimate moments of the reception, he’s a douche.

**u/darth-bizzel** (781 points)

Did you ruin a family? Maybe did u take the most nuclear route? Yup. Did he deserve it? Absofuckingluty. Thus the petty I get behind.

**u/ribbitribbitmf** (775 points)

Plot Twist: this was written by Todd as "proof" he was being set up so a friend of his can "find" it and show Lucy so she will take him back  /jk lol

**u/Collegenoob** (687 points)

You dont piss off the quiet and nice people. They know the best ways to hurt you and get away with it.

**u/nandru** (563 points)

One could say.. its Toddly specific

**u/Skyducky** (553 points)

nta im petty too. go fuck your self todd.

**u/Neither-Glove-4355** (541 points)

And at the risk of sounding self-centered myself, I didn't save and spend thousands of dollars for someone else to take the spotlight.

**u/trentraps** (536 points)

&gt;He hasn't.

Lol. Not that an apology would be worth anything from a guy like him.

**u/Cheezefries** (488 points)

5. Todd Pikachu face

**u/spiritstan** (472 points)

NTA

Who the fuck wants to propose at someone else's wedding? He deserved it, dont steal attention at weddings.
