# I made a dude get his nuts waxed on the first date after he lied to me.

**Sub:** r/pettyrevenge  
**Author:** u/Stinky_Fish_Tits  
**Score:** 33,640  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/15k97ls/i_made_a_dude_get_his_nuts_waxed_on_the_first/  

---

When I was in my early 20’s and online dating was just starting, I made a profile and said I was just not going to be into two things: smokers and people with kids. Just that. You could be anything else and if the chemistry is there, we are all good. 

I meet this guy early in the morning for a breakfast date and we are hitting it off averagely. No sparks but no red flags. The date goes for 2.5 hours (breakfast taking forever) until we are splitting the bill and he tells me he has a kid. I ask him if he read my profile to know that I was not interested in that and he says “yes, I read that but knew that if you just spent some time with me, you’d see how great I am and how you’d be willing to see passed that.” 

I was floored as now he wasted 3 hours of my life and was okay with being a liar. That was unacceptable to me. I said “well  I don’t want this date to end but I have to go across town to get my Brazilian (where they take all the hair off including the bum hole) done in an hour.  Want to come with me and get one too? It’s not painful (a total lie) and I think it’s attractive on men to be clean there.  No pressure but I’m pretty busy the rest of the week and this is my only free day.” 

He was all about following me anywhere.  I told the ladies that this was his first time and that they should take everything including the butt. He held my hand between a curtain and we both got them done at the same time. He screamed a lot but was a champ and went through with it. I made him pay for his own and never called him again. 

If you are out there, Chris, please don’t lie to women on the first date. It’s a really bad way to start a relationship.

Edit: wow. Well… it seems like most people have had three general reactions: 1. 👏🏾 this is delightfully petty, 2. You’re a horrible person plus other explicatives and 3. This is fake.  

1. Thank you all for the validation that online dating sucks for all genders and you shouldn’t go into it with a lie 2. Yeah I am a horrible person 3. It’s not fake but you can think so if you want. When I was in my early 20’s I did a lot of things I would maybe still do now and some I wouldn’t. 🤷🏻‍♀️ 

And to all of those sending me messages calling me nasty things behind your keyboards, this is pettyrevenge, so you came here for this shit.

---

## Top Comments

**u/qat-21** (10,397 points)

Not all heroes have carpet

**u/Backupusername** (10,247 points)

"You told me it wouldn't hurt!"

"Yes, but I knew that if you just spent some time on it, you'd be able to see past that."

**u/Squanchy-Jones** (2,163 points)

OUT-FUCKING-STANDING.

**u/Noland47** (1,625 points)

I'm fucking baffled that anyone would think tearing pubic hair out by the roots wouldn't hurt.

**u/Mundane-Cabinet9883** (1,154 points)

I had a male friend that claimed waxing didn’t hurt at all. I happen to have a leg waxing appt later that day. I told him I’d pay for the waxing but he needed to try armpit waxing. It was amazing…lol. His girlfriend was annoyed he downplayed the pain of waxing and enthusiastically agreed. He should show us what wimps we were. He shows up (first shocker), then proceeds to argue about trimming the hair down, closer to the skin. Tells the tech in a very manspaining way longer hair will allow more grip when it’s pulled. Manager got involved and TRIED to explain process. Nope, he’s insistent! So she does exactly what he tells her (with manager approval to follow his directives). The first yell we giggled. The second one we smirked. 5 minutes later we grew concerned and his girlfriend checked in him asking if he wanted to stop. Nope, “I’m fine, it’s just a little pain”. She asked if he wanted the tech to trim the hair on other armpit before waxing. This he conceded might make the process faster. 30 min later he comes out holding both arms out from his sides. Grumbling about it was stupid to remove hair with wax. To this day when he starts mansplaining something we ask if he wants another wax job?  He usually gets a look of pain and just says “Do what you want!” Lmao

**u/belukawal** (860 points)

This comment deserves a red carpet!

**u/franxet** (651 points)

The amount of times a smoker would hit on me online despite having a big “no smokers” in my profile. Once you learn they smoke, they will hit you with the “but I won’t smoke when I am with you”. That’s not the point!!

**u/TarzanKitty** (644 points)

I once made a guy get his nipple pierced on the first date.

**u/Notaswordmaster** (510 points)

I was on a datingsite many years ago, and i was quite active in The forums. There was a topic that came up several times, and it was the “kids” thing. Cause when registering you had to fill in a long form, uses to match you with others. One of the things you had to answer was the “is it acceptable that the other person had kids”. 

The reason the topic came up is the same thing that happened to OP here.  A lot of women said they had filled out the form saying they didn’t have kids, because “the man had to get to know them to find out if they wanted to continue dating or not. And that shouldn’t be based on them having a kid or not”. 
I mean… there is a reason for the question.

**u/No-Mathematician6635** (444 points)

Forget my idols, you are now my idol. I aspire to be the woman you are. Sunnies and handbags down to you, you absolute queen. Keep being you

**u/SHOMERFUCKINGSHOBBAS** (403 points)

There's probably some red where the carpet used to be

**u/Stinky_Fish_Tits** (353 points)

Yes exactly. I don’t want to smell like second hand smoke. I get nauseated.  I don’t want to be with someone who doesn’t value their health in that way. 

I also can have a preference on not wanting to raise or be involved with other people’s children in my early 20’s. It’s not hard to respect people’s explicit preferences. 

If someone said “I only date 7 foot tall Amazonian women” I wouldn’t try to go on a date with them knowing that they would figure out I wasn’t what they were interested in pretty quickly. 

It’s like consent. When your date shows up and is 20 years older than their profile photos or exhibits some other quality you stated was not part of the things you would consent to, they are assaulting your time.

**u/relyca** (329 points)

Some women won't mention their kids on their profile to protect them from pedophiles. Pedophiles often prey on single moms to get access to their children.

**u/OstentatiousSock** (275 points)

I can’t tell you how many men still messaged me when they have kids and I said emphatically I am absolutely not interested in raising someone else’s kids. I’ve already raised 3 children who aren’t mine and I just don’t have it in me anymore. From my experience, not just with the ones I raised, but with others who raised children that aren’t there own, you’re always second banana to the bio parents and, while that’s understandable, it’s quite painful. Especially if you’re the one doing way more than the bio parents. Guys always ignore it, even after I ask them upon their first message if they’ve thoroughly read my profile and saw that I’m not interested if they have minor children(I’m old enough the men I dare could have adult children, which is fine).

**u/bapnbrunchberries** (270 points)

I really hope this is real.

**u/TheSunniestOne** (251 points)

💀 This should really be the top comment!

**u/GoorooDougie** (243 points)

I once had a first date just after ripping my nipple ring out in a sailing mishap. Bandage was a little awkward. Date went well.

**u/Mundane-Cabinet9883** (242 points)

Oh he’s much better (least around me and his now wife) but will occasionally need a reminder. Besides, if everyone ditches friends without attempting to educate them isn’t really a friend are they.

**u/BenadrylBombshell** (229 points)

My ex got his back waxed once. After the first pull he flopped around like a fish out of water. Things were still good then but I chuckled at him anyway. In his defense, I’m too much of a ninny to go have a wax myself.

**u/as_it_was_written** (213 points)

&gt;He should show us what wimps we were.

It's baffling to me that so many men seem to have this attitude toward women and pain. Isn't it established that you guys tend to have higher pain thresholds than we do?

Edit since new people are apparently still reading this comment: looks like I was incorrect and evidence indicates women tend to be slightly more sensitive to pain, if there is a difference. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3690315/

**u/weedils** (185 points)

Because a lot of men dont give af about what women actually want or dont want, even when they clearly communicate it. They only care about their own needs and wants, thinking they can always convice the woman to ”come around”.

**u/jaldihaldi** (166 points)

Another story about what happens when the thinking is done with the wrong head ...

**u/Far-Stomach-2764** (159 points)

I misread that as "Bondage was a little awkward" and was like, respect. 😮

**u/kranzinator** (141 points)

Does the carpet match the capes

**u/GiantPurplePeopleEat** (139 points)

You still hang out with the mansplaining asshole? Wtf?
