# Revenge on my MIL who was horrible to me for years and THEN decided she would wear the exact same dress as me to my wedding.

**Sub:** r/pettyrevenge  
**Author:** u/EsmerldaWeatherwax  
**Score:** 32,805  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/ys6gcn/revenge_on_my_mil_who_was_horrible_to_me_for/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Shelly_895** (9,000 points)

Shout out to the bridal shop for informing OP of what the MIL and SILs were planning. Real life-savers.

**u/EsmerldaWeatherwax** (5,374 points)

They seemed to have lots of experience dealing with mums and MILs who didn't know how to behave!  Once all the wedding furore had died down, I went back and visited them with a big hamper of deliciousness as thanks.  They benefited, too.  The wedding got a bit of publicity locally, and I sang their praises to anyone that would listen.  Plus, several of my guests chose to buy dresses from them for the wedding.  Wins for everyone. Except my MIL, of course.

**u/Oreo-and-Fly** (3,599 points)

&gt;I offered him coffee and sympathy and that was the start of an unlikely friendship.

&gt;Remember the priest? Well, he wasn't allowed to officiate outside a church as a priest, so he was our MC. This was the icing on the cake, because I saw MILs face light up when she saw him... until he introduced the marriage celebrant and handed her the microphone. 

THIS. IS. SICK.

**u/Bardsie** (2,864 points)

I'm not surprised JustNoMIL didn't like this story.

I've been temp banned there several times myself.

You are only allowed to either take the abuse, and rage on the sub, or go complete no contact.

Any storylines where you advise, or do, call people out, or give them a taste of their own medicine is immediately met with a barrage of "gaslighting" reports, and comments that you're worse than they are.

Giving someone enough rope to hang themselves isn't gaslighting.

Edit: typo

**u/EsmerldaWeatherwax** (1,401 points)

Yeah - I don't go there much these days.  I thought the story might be uplifting for others who had crappy MILS, but it appears that's not what the sub is about.

**u/Stevenwave** (1,285 points)

It's hilarious, cause the shop made away with 4x the business just on day 1 with your group lol. I love how they sold them to them, but let you know they were pulling this shit.

**u/Titariia** (1,282 points)

You not just made your revenge, you also made all those women's day by letting them wear their wedding dresses again. Love it!

**u/bozzy253** (961 points)

He swapped specs to shadow priest for the night.

**u/Serenova** (892 points)

If I'd gotten your invite that said to wear my wedding dress I'd have done so in a heartbeat AND added a sword for good measure. 

Hubby and I got married at, well, it's not a *real* castle, but close enough for US purposes, and we used swords in our formal photos and be down for showing up with steel as well as the dress.

**u/EsmerldaWeatherwax** (788 points)

They were all super enthusiastic about the idea.  There were a few who weren't able to wear one for various reasons, but the original dress shop helped them out. Any one that didn't want to was welcome to wear whatever they like.

**u/midnightsrose77** (648 points)

OP, you are my hero! This was brilliant and made for lovely reading over my cuppa (apple cider - I'm not ready for tea yet)! Bravo! 

When my husband and I got married, we knew it had to be mixed faith to appease our parents. He was raised Jewish; I was raised Episcopalian. I knew my mother would want to be involved in the planning and try to make everything conform to her ideals, but I said no to that really quickly. We hired a wedding planner. She *still* hasn't forgiven me for that and my husband and I have been happily married for four years now.

**u/kn33** (491 points)

&gt;I went VLC

And by this you mean you hit her over the head with a traffic cone, right?

**u/BringBackBowie** (436 points)

Well, I’m glad you decided to share it here with us because I thoroughly enjoyed it!

**u/saichampa** (435 points)

I'm a big hairy guy and I might have been tempted to get myself something new and sparkly for the wedding of the bride was okay with it

**u/Quantentheorie** (381 points)

Its a touchy subject but some support groups actually start to resent people who show... healthy self-worth and ability to enforce it, because it makes people who struggle to asset themselves feel pressure.

**u/Guido_Fe** (367 points)

I want a priest spinoff

**u/EsmerldaWeatherwax** (352 points)

Two male friends got dresses from an op shop and joined in the fun.

**u/Oreo-and-Fly** (351 points)

Not me thinking VLC was about the music player.

**u/BarnDoorHills** (328 points)

Probably a few other sales as well. My wedding dress wasn't quite what I wanted, and I'm too old to wear it now anyway. So I'd have treated myself to something new, sparkly, and comfortable for the occasion.

**u/Serenova** (322 points)

We paid about 13k for the entire thing, which seems like a lot, but actually isn't a lot for weddings in the US in the last decade. The reason we got the venue we got, is because that cost? It got us everything. It got us the catering, the dj, the cake, the flowers, the decorations. The only two things we had to find for ourselves were the officiant, and the photographer.

Unfortunately my Rabbi couldn't marry us, because I didn't marry a jew, but he did recommend another Rabbi who was happy to perform the ceremony for us who didn't have that restriction. And we got the photographer recommended to Us by some good friends would use this person before and it ended up working out really really well.

And I can say I was married by a lesbian Rabbi so I mean how many people can say that?

**u/thatotherhemingway** (317 points)

And YOU got to wear a dress that expressed who YOU are—plus you made a new friend!

**u/nomad_l17** (296 points)

Well done!! I love the part that because MIL and SIL's are wearing white, they're seen just normal party guests and no one can pick them out as part of the groom's party when they look at the pictures.

**u/ginger_guy** (263 points)

My dealings with Catholic priest are limited, but it seems like they split into fuddy-duddies that want you to feel bad about yourself, or are deeply empathetic and intelligent

**u/MadamKitsune** (238 points)

MIL took a crit from Mind Blast and Devouring Plague.

**u/EsmerldaWeatherwax** (216 points)

In hindsight, I probably WAS a bit scary to them.  I was full on goth at the time.  I gave up the most extreme part of my goth phase a few years later after I tried to help a little old lady who'd fallen over and she screamed in terror when I approached.
