# I've spent the last week reporting every single MAGA I know that scams the government.

**Sub:** r/pettyrevenge  
**Author:** u/dishonestpup23  
**Score:** 31,888  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/1jb480e/ive_spent_the_last_week_reporting_every_single/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/soulself** (62 points)

"well, minorities are getting away with it according to  *conservative news source*, so I might as well do it, too.

**u/Kodiak01** (13 points)

>People who work under the table to avoid paying taxes. Including my own sister, whose husband hasn't paid taxes in the entire time they've known each other because he works for his dad for cash, and still never misses a moment to bitch about the government wasting our tax dollars

Just wait until years from now when they see how little they get from whatever will be left of SS because there was no recorded income for all that time!

**u/DabDoge** (6 points)

>record his family members in their home to try and get them fired

Ohhh I see. You’re one of those closed-door racists. I can’t think of anything I do at home that would be get my fired if it were recorded. Excellent job telling on yourself.

Also, it’s weasel.

**u/TEAMTRASHCAN** (5 points)

petty tax evasion isnt sheltering a pedo but I guess thats the way you rationalize everything these days.

**u/Ok_Sound272** (3 points)

The taxes they should be paying. The services they do not actually qualify for.

**u/anallobstermash** (3 points)

How dare you be smart.

**u/I_AM_SO_HUNGRY** (3 points)

You've been usurped, my friend.

**u/HellcatJD** (2 points)

Brilliant. One of the loudest MAGAs I know (a relative of my husband) brags about not paying his Mexican cooks overtime and has mentioned that all of them are undocumented. He knows they work super hard and won't hire Americans to work in his kitchen. Make it make sense.

**u/pierogiking412** (2 points)

Oh ok misunderstood.

**u/IWontCommentAtAll** (2 points)

Well, all my kids are beyond the Dino nuggies stage, but they're all carb junkies, so we can't keep crackers in the house to save my life.

**u/ty_for_trying** (2 points)

Look dude, if you're going to bring people in on your shit, you have to have a relationship with them. You gotta trust them and they gotta trust you. You gotta have each other's backs.

That's why snitches are the worst. Because they betray that trust.

Now in this situation, they're all blabbing to OP. They're probably not giving OP a cut of anything, so OP is supposed to keep shut just because family. Well that sounds nice if it goes both ways. But we all know some families ask more than they give.

It kinda seems to me like OP's family didn't make the secret worth their while, and betrayed OP's interests on top of that. 

If family is important, you gotta look out for them. It's hard to see how voting for people who are literally taking away their rights is looking out for them.

**u/choove** (2 points)

For reporting someone for committing a crime?

Interesting morals you have where the person who is almost certainly getting exploited by their boss is the "horrible person".

**u/harshmojo** (2 points)

This is not "revenge", this is what everyone should do. This is exactly what DOGE is trying to accomplish, so thank you. We need to get rid of all the people bleeding the country dry - liberal, conservative or otherwise. This is why it's so important to get rid of all the illegals working under the table for pennies on the dollar.

**u/Enzo_Gorlomi225** (2 points)

For anyone who didn’t know, this is what TDS looks like.

**u/JBThug** (2 points)

Everybody who does this should get reported no matter their affiliations

**u/DaRealLastSpaceCadet** (2 points)

&gt;demon creamin

Lmao holy shit that's beautiful

**u/stromm** (2 points)

Dang, I missed that.  

Maybe they should have titled their post "reporting every person I know that scams the government"...

**u/ChasingPerfect28** (2 points)

I don't even want to call him a friend because I'm just fucking over this guy I know, but that checks out. My "friend" is Russian... Well, born in Russia but he lived his whole life in Florida. 

The dude lies and cheats the government like crazy. Lied about needing FEMA money (he committed hurricane fraud), he lied to his car insurance company about a mechanic who screwed with his engine. He said the car had "water damage" when in reality a mechanic friend he knows wrecked it. 

And a plethora of so many other questionable and illegal stuff. I used to play DND with this guy but our campaign ended and I hardly ever see him since. 

But guess what? He was completely against the $10,000 student loan relief for borrowers. He posted so many right wing memes like "you signed the contract, you have to pay it back" shit. This is the same idiot who wants Florida to abolish the property tax. 

Utterly maddening and frustrating. I know he doesn't like Democrats either.

**u/Carnifex2** (2 points)

Your concern trolling for OP is pretty hilarious.

OP is clearly happy to rid themselves of these parasites. Family is who we choose.,

**u/AppropriateTax6525** (1 points)

A true hero. 🫡

**u/SpezMechman** (1 points)

Cool story bro

**u/Special-Passenger621** (1 points)

What bothers me the most is the fact that the people you are reporting these moochers TO are probably the ones who wrote the book on gaming the system. I really hope that these get taken seriously and looked into, I just have a harder time seeing anything “right” or “just” actually being done by our governing bodies about this. They’re too busy making boogeymen to distract us and keep us divided. While they continue to benefit the ultra rich and shit on anyone not a part of the club.

**u/MrsMavenses** (1 points)

That's kind of  dumb way to live because you make so many enemies that just wait for you to make a mistake. Being petty and grudge bearing is a waste of your life and time.  Hope you see the truth of that before you waste any more of it.

**u/Ya_Boi_Pickles** (1 points)

You are a sad person and I actually feel terrible for your family.  I hope you find some semblance of peace some day.  My god.

**u/soggymittens** (1 points)

I will be using this- thank you.
