# I took away all the ‘towel seat reservations’ at the resort

**Sub:** r/pettyrevenge  
**Author:** u/konijn12  
**Score:** 31,332  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/13hioy9/i_took_away_all_the_towel_seat_reservations_at/  

---

I was on holidays in an all inclusive resort. First day, we couldn’t find any lounge chairs by the beach or by the sea, fair enough - we arrived in the afternoon. Next day, we go to find a spot.. but most of the spots were ‘taken’ by towels. We find an empty seat and to our surprise - many of the chairs stay reserved almost the whole day or never get used.. 

Third day, we decide to take some towels off two loungers, and enjoy our day. Four (!!) hours in, an older couple shows up that they had towels there, and kick us off with help from an attendant. 

That pissed me off, so every following day I went to take the towels off of every unattended lounger after breakfast, and then went to watch the chaos from my balcony. Many many people complained and by the end of the week there was a sign that unattended towels would be removed. Success!

---

## Top Comments

**u/Rabid_Dingo** (5,664 points)

My parents have a time share at a resort. 15 minutes. That's the window before the chairs are free game.

Totally got into a pissing match with an old couple because we moved vacant loungers into an open space next to them.

"They were going to use it later."

 They weren't even saving chairs. They were trying to save open space. 

We didn't move.

**u/BitchInBoots66** (3,376 points)

Nice. The entire concept of "reserving" a seat using a towel is ridiculous. If they want a seat so badly they should turn up early. How dare they think someone should sit on the ground just because they hung a towel there. Talk about selfish and entitled.

**u/Imaginary-Yak-6487** (2,242 points)

My husband was head of outside maintenance at a condo resort &amp; a certified pool operator. There would be owners who would “ reserve” the tables with umbrellas as soon as he opened the pool. They were told not to.

He was instructed to remove those towels &amp; turn into the lost &amp; found. He did the several times a day for 20 years. We have lots of beach towels at home bc no one ever picked them up after 30 days.

**u/Haploid-life** (1,893 points)

Honestly, if you want an all day place with the freedom to leave it unoccupied for periods, rent a cabana.

**u/hysterical_landmark** (1,290 points)

&gt; If they want a seat so badly they should turn up early.


100%


You send one person to sit on the location until everyone else gets there. A towel has no special reservation ability. Just because you placed a piece of cloth on something doesn't convey special use privileges. 


Where did people come up with this stuff? Fucking morons. 


"MOVE YOUR MEAT, LOSE YOUR SEAT!" Those are the universal rules of mankind!

**u/April_Spring_1982** (1,014 points)

Oooh I had that with a British woman at a resort! Only SHE could sit under the big canopy and was pissed when i moved a chair under HER canopy. I spent 15 minutes going "Here okay?" and moving my chair one inch over at a time. Then I went in the water and "accidentally" splashed her and started really loud singing games with some other vacationers. Oh her death glares made me SMILE.

**u/Successful_Moment_91** (927 points)

I stay at reorts often for business and most have signs at the pool that if your seat is unattended for 30 minutes your stuff can be moved.

Good for you forcing the lazy management to finally make reasonable rules

**u/FrankyFistalot** (595 points)

I remember being on a boys holiday in the 90’s and we were always coming home in the morning from clubbing,first thing we did upon entering the hotel was go to the pool and throw all the “reserved” towels in the pool lol….oh to be young and stupid again…

**u/nyrB2** (590 points)

i don't understand how the attendant could kick you off your seats - it's your word against the old couple and you've got possession.    i'm no karen, but i'd be screaming for the manager if they dared try to move me.

**u/ToriaLyons** (546 points)

When I worked as a holiday rep in Portugal, one manager used to go around at 9am and throw the unattended towels in the pool.

I used to warn my guests, but they loved it - said it was excellent entertainment. The manager took no shit either.

No coincidence that this was the property with the highest amount of return guests.

**u/BaconJacobs** (527 points)

Do you ever sing "he's a real poooool operator" to him?

**u/ameis314** (402 points)

Yep, split it 7 ways and just have all your group use it.

**u/GemJamJelly** (392 points)

I’m British and I endorse your petty revenge. Splendidly orchestrated might I say.

**u/Maximum-Dealer-6208** (336 points)

We used to go to the beach for a week every summer... one day, the pool area was empty, but every chair had towels on them. My sibs and I collected them and put them all on one set of chairs. It was chaos... 😆

**u/tenaseechick** (313 points)

I enforced it once on a cruise. There was limited seating around the pool and the lounger next to my friend had a towel on it. Lots of towels, not a lot of people. I asked attendant about it and he told me about the 30 minute rule. I set my timer for 30 minutes and when they weren't back I took their towels to the attendant. Fifteen minutes later they roll up and start arguing with me about how long 30 minutes are.  I didn't move.

**u/FinancialYou4519** (297 points)

I stayed at a hotel where the staff just went up in the early morning and took every "reservation towel" and threw it in a pile swearing up and down. Every day. 

There goes my hero, played in my head every morning cigg on the balcony

**u/PolyPolyam** (282 points)

That used to be my job during our beach trips. I love shell collecting. I got up at sunrise with the cart picked a spot as the chairs were laid out. I'd collect shells and sometimes help the attendants. So they'd give me a nice spot with the right amount of chairs and umbrellas. I'd have the wagon parked and a sheet laid out in the middle of the chairs for the kiddos.

Friends would meander down with breakfast for me and we'd enjoy the beach until about 10 or 11 when the sun got unbearable. We'd throw all pur stuff in the wagon and go nap in the room. Perfect plan!

**u/NotUnique_______** (272 points)

I did this with some fucks who tried to reserve a campsite for their stupid RV with a fucking trash bag. 


Like, the site looked trashed when i arrived. So i cleaned it up, pitched my tent, built a fire, and cooked dinner. Around 10pm, these idiots roll up and bitch because i "stole their site" even though they just left a trash bag. No camp chairs, cooler, anything. Just garbage. And were surprised when i cleaned it up and set up there.

**u/pm0me0yiff** (268 points)

&gt; "Hey, we put towels here this morning!"

"Yeah, we used those and they're all damp now. Could you bring some fresh ones, please? Oh, and a mojito from the bar, while you're at it."

When they get outraged about that: "Ugh! Good help is *so* hard to find these days."

**u/pianoispercussion** (246 points)

I used to go to a resort like that with my parents and it was my special job to sit at the special spot to reserve it for the rest of the family. 

I didn't (and still don't ) mind, it gave me some much needed alone time from being the youngest in a family of 7.

**u/Imaginary-Yak-6487** (240 points)

No but I called him my pool boy. Reference to MAD TV

**u/Infinitebeast30** (222 points)

Probably one of those times where both OP and the manager would both rather just give in/find a new spot than waste the day arguing with some old entitled fucks

Whoever makes the bigger stink wins

**u/cazzybelle** (208 points)

The Entitlement is just embarrassing!!!

**u/PRMan99** (192 points)

And then get ready to fight your friends for the few chairs there.
