# New BOLA rule: No sexual assault posts. There's nothing "best of" about sexual assault.

**Sub:** r/bestoflegaladvice  
**Author:** u/Zanctmao  
**Score:** 9,680  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/bestoflegaladvice/comments/ap9e6z/new_bola_rule_no_sexual_assault_posts_theres/  

---

We have beaten this idea around a bit in the past, but it's become clear that we cannot in good conscience have BOLA posts where the initial post relates to a sexual assault. We've reached this decision for a number of reasons: 

1. There's nothing "best of" about a sexual assault. It's a contradiction in terms. We do allow a lot of posts on uncomfortable topics, but on balance sexual assaults are just a bridge too far for us. 

1. Likewise there's nothing funny about them. It is a very serious matter whether someone is a victim or a perpetrator. This sub is largely supposed to be fun and funny and that's just incompatible with sexual assault. BOLA is a popcorn sub, not the place for people to accuse original posters of making up rapes. 

1. These posts in BOLA draw MRAs like flies. They track in mud, make a mess, and are generally unpleasant people. The fewer of them in here, the better off we'll all be. 

1. Those same MRAs always trot out the exact same false arguments about the frequency of false rape claims vs. actual rapes. They've never provided any evidence that they are equivalent and frankly I think we're all sick of that stupid circle-jerk. Yes false rape accusations are bad, everybody agrees with that. No they aren't remotely as common as sexual assaults and we're all tired of the stupid cherry picked stories pointing to the contrary. 

That said, under certain circumstances, like an update about an arrest or something similar might be allowed ***on a case by case basis with moderator pre-approval***.

This change is not up for debate. But we're leaving this thread open as a honey trap for the idiots that will inevitably show up and try to make the same tired arguments one more time so we can ban them.  

————

EDIT: Yes “best of“ in the context of this sub generally means more than just the topic of the original legal advice post. It may relate to the advice offered, the interestingness, clever writing, or to any number of other things. My use of the phrase “there’s nothing ‘best of’ about sexual assault“ Is taking a bit of literary license. 

2nd EDIT: This change is limited to the r/bestoflegaladvice sub only. Posts about sexual assault and false accusations of the same are still welcome and encouraged in r/legaladvice. I can’t see why this is causing confusion, but some people seem to think otherwise. To reiterate there is no change to the rules about what can be submitted in the main sub, only to this popcorn sub.

3rd EDIT: MRA means (in theory) ‘Men’s Rights Acivists’ - in practice they are often (but not always) obnoxious dudes who accuse nearly every woman who’s post got linked here of making it up and who think talking about false rape reports was an important component of every sexual assault discussion.
