# I kicked all my friends off my HBO account because they were horrid to me last night and now they can’t watch the Game of Thrones premiere.

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/sarahd0825  
**Score:** 49,649  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/bcxd98/i_kicked_all_my_friends_off_my_hbo_account/  

---

My best friend invited all my other best friends to meet her new boyfriend last night and I was specifically excluded, which really hurt me because it was so unlike them. They were texting and snap chatting in our groupchats scenes from the party and each individual message just felt like one more knife in my back because I was all alone at our house crying my eyes out . So today, I kicked them all of my personal HBO account. The kicker? They’re all die-hard Game of Thrones fans and have been relying on me to give them access to the stream tomorrow night. Life really is a bitch, isn’t it?

---

## Top Comments

**u/ahfreaq** (7,006 points)

You should have waited till a half hour before it began. Cos you gave them a chance to go find another option.

**u/telltalesignsyou** (4,104 points)

Make sure you snap chat the end of the episode to them all.

**u/bajanwaterman** (3,072 points)

Half hour too long.. I would wait till halfway through the intro

**u/Captain-Vietnam** (2,256 points)

Or talk about the whole plot and then text back right after “sorry wrong chat”

**u/mommastang** (1,922 points)

Winter is coming, and they ain’t got coats!

**u/Smokey_Bakon** (1,619 points)

That's good to know for future revenge plots

**u/Norillim** (1,420 points)

Nah, says it takes up to 4 hours to sign out of all devices.

**u/RinoaRita** (1,121 points)

Came to say this. But will it kick people off if they’re mid stream?

**u/Thanks_ILoveIt** (1,065 points)

4 hours before halfway through the intro

**u/pilotlad21** (944 points)

Be sure to hit us up with an update on their reaction my dude

**u/sarahd0825** (726 points)

to be honest, I have no idea. I had just gotten home from work and suddenly everyone was leaving and when I asked, it was lots of blatant excuses while they were walking out the door. We’re usually very open and supportive to each other so that’s why it upset me so much.

**u/BananaOverdose** (621 points)

Oh boy, yes.

**u/pokersnek** (584 points)

Beautiful. Now, all there is to do is wait until premier time tomorrow and watch them all unravel. Danerys and Cersi would both be proud.

**u/uhqt** (582 points)

the tea is exceptional

**u/BlueLanternSupes** (426 points)

If you time it just riiiiight....

**u/Crunchy-Leaf** (319 points)

Why did they exclude you

**u/KYQ_Archer** (228 points)

I'm a dude, he's a dude, she's a dude, cause we're all dudes yeah!

**u/dinotoggle** (218 points)

and they were roommates

**u/ozvegan12345** (214 points)

Continue kicking them out if your life altogether and get new friends

**u/Draw247** (195 points)

It already got ugly when they decided to purposely exclude a friend from something like they did.

**u/astroGamin** (187 points)

So they are your roommates?

**u/Flablessguy** (187 points)

JON SNOW JUST WON THE THRONE WOOO

**u/studmuffffffin** (187 points)

Oh my god they were roommates.

**u/SnJose** (180 points)

You should definitely spoil shit for them. It'll be glorious
