# "My girlfriend loves me" is not a confession

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/OfficerSmiles  
**Score:** 36,107  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/bi0wao/my_girlfriend_loves_me_is_not_a_confession/  

---

Seriously, get the fuck out of here with your flowery lovey dovey cuddly bullshit. Thats not a confession.

Other things that are not confessions:
-ive secretly been donating to charity for the past 5 years 
-im planning on taking my wife to Disney and she has no idea
-i secretly volunteer to help kids with cancer in my offtime

You get the picture. We dont want your fluffy garbage on here. We wanna hear about shit like the time you accidentally killed your friend with laced drugs or the time you crippled a 4 year old in a drunk hit and run. Stop looking for redditors to jerk you off. Thanks!

inb4 this ends up on r/gatekeeping

---

## Top Comments

**u/Kivi_** (3,591 points)

I have a confession to make. I sing in the shower. Sometimes I spend too much time volunteering. Occasionally I'll hit somebody with my car.

**u/CHRYNEXT** (2,899 points)

Description of this sub: get that NASTY secret off your chest.
Not: my girlfriend likes froot loops so i get her some every week

**u/OfficerSmiles** (1,732 points)

*sweating*

Ive become a monster to defeat a monster...

**u/allisonrz** (1,614 points)

Hey op this also isnt a confession

**u/arunner44** (745 points)

I’m not a bad guy...I’m a good guy who runs over women with his car

**u/Timothy_Bryce89** (665 points)

100% this. Also people in r/dating going "I love my boyfriend so much how can I show him"

GET OUTTA HERE BITCH WE LONELY HERE.

**u/Sarcasm_is_great99** (641 points)

Unless fuitloops is code for threesome with a chick. Then yea you are correct.

**u/QueMystery** (511 points)

You have become the very thing you swore to destroy.

**u/alfredlloyd** (422 points)

Wholesome confessions. There’s a special place for those people.

**u/gnarwolvescrufucku** (404 points)

Or those posts with titles that say shit like:

“I have been lying to my ‘SO/Child/Friend’ secretly for months“ and the post is something along the lines of putting a coin in their pocket every time they do this” 

I get it, it’s sweet and stuff, but It’s not a confession, lie, or a secret. You just want to be sweet and have it publicly announced.

**u/ThatOtherNate** (282 points)

^ This guy fruitloops

**u/CosmosCasablanca** (274 points)

Yes omg. I'm sick of coming on here to find 'my girlfriends favourite cereal is Coco Pops so I buy her some every week' or 'my cat is fluffy' like those are not confessions can u kindly fuck off

**u/NigBlood** (254 points)

Wouldn't fruitloops mean a 3 some with a gay dude?

**u/GemJack** (238 points)

C'mon, it's a small car!

**u/LandBaron1** (227 points)

Is there an actual sub for that? 

r/WholesomeConfessions.

Edit: Heckety Heck, it is real!!

**u/JXADR7** (214 points)

Either you die a hero or live long enough to become the villain

**u/SomeStupidPerson** (135 points)

That’s exactly what that “my girlfriend loves me” post did.

“sHe SaId SoMeThInG i CaN’t StOp ThInKiNg AbOuT”

It’s literally just “you make me happy.” I hope she does feel that way dude, you’ve been together for 4 years. That should literally happen in such a relationship, and is not at all a confession. It’s just sharing a feeling you had, unless the dude is ashamed of it, then wtf.

There should be a sub for such mundane announcements. r/Declarations or something, since that’s all they’re doing. r/CasualConversation exists as well. They should use that, as that would be a much more suitable sub.

**u/Ryan_McGod** (134 points)

The post i didn't know i wanted to see

**u/ksam3** (111 points)

We want "my girlfriend's favorite cereal is Coco Puffs so I've been buying Corn Pops and rolling them in dirt" or, " my cat is fluffy because I stick her in the dryer for a tumble every day because I've always wanted a fluffy cat and she has flat lifeless fur".

**u/fluffgoat** (111 points)

&gt;GET OUTTA HERE BITCH WE LONELY HERE.

This line speaks to me at another level! 

*she said, while reading alone at home third day in a row*

**u/pompr** (108 points)

The fuck is a wholesome confession? That's just a humble brag, you bunch of circle jerking fake-nice mfers.

**u/Neurohacker2555** (103 points)

So, sue me

**u/TakeOnMe-TakeOnMe** (100 points)

No no, don't sue me.

**u/PokeYa** (96 points)

And they were pretty big women tbh.

**u/RewrittenSol** (86 points)

Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves.
