# I put my infant daughter in the closet, shut the door and walked away

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/pineapplefountain  
**Score:** 34,237  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/ax83tk/i_put_my_infant_daughter_in_the_closet_shut_the/  

---

I'm so overwhelmed. I haven't really slept in 8 weeks. That's how old my daughter is. She's a beautiful little girl, but she screams and screams and screams. I do everything to console her. I make sure she is fed, dry, not in pain and comfortable. But she almost never stops screaming. My husband left this weekend for a business trip and I was alone with her for the first time. It was going ok this morning, but then the floodgates opened. I held her, rocked her, bounced her but nothing worked. I wanted to shake her

I'm ashamed to type this, but I wanted to shake my baby. I thought I was about to have a nervous breakdown. I was so fed up that I strapped her into her car seat, placed her in our coat closet and shut the door. She was still screaming and I shut the door on her. I set a one hour alarm, went upstairs and collapsed into my bed. I wouldn't say a slept, more like I instantly went unconscious. An hour later my alarm went off and I sprung up and ran downstairs to her. She was sleeping and no longer crying. I picked her up and held her and just started sobbing. It's too much. I'm a terrible mother. I can't handle this.

---

## Top Comments

**u/chiiibird** (8,831 points)

I’m a nanny, first thing I tell my first time parents.. it’s ok to put the baby in a safe place and shut the door. You cannot help if you are not in control. 

Babies feed off your energy. Try laughing when you feel overwhelmed, it can trick your heart and energy and the baby can’t feel your panick anymore.. yes you will look like a mad lady but I swear by it as a nanny. Even I get overwhelmed and want them to stfu. 

Edit: if you live in USA, CO I’ll send you my references and come help relieve you for free. 

Edit: no it’s not that safe in a car seat. When they are in the car they tilt back slightly than when they are on a flat surface. If you are going to leave a child in it(because 99% of parents do when the kids asleep when they get home from a car ride) tilt them back slightly.. SLIGHTLY, I’ll clarify so people don’t jump guns assuming everyone’s sticking their kids upside down. 

Head should not be lower than lower half of body

**u/Wheresmymeat** (6,186 points)

You put her down where she was safe, did not shake or hurt her and walked away from the situation before you did something stupid. That makes you a great mom. Crying can be very hard to deal with, especially when nothing seems to calm it. Have you looked into her diet? If she is breastfed, maybe it's something you are eating that does not agree with her tummy. If she is formula fed maybe try a sensitive formula, we ended up doing the enfamil gentle-ease on one of our twins because he also cried non-stop, even after having diaper changes, naps, snuggles, burps, gas drops etc... it's really trial and error. HUGE kudos for walking away and not hurting your baby, you got this momma!! 

I just have to add, I don't agree with the post-partum depression diagnosis that comments below are giving. You have a child that is constantly crying and you are sleep deprived so of course that is going to be frustrating for you, any normal human would be frustrated, I know I was when my little one was constantly crying and I was unable to help him. Being frustrated is completely different than being depressed.

Edit-Thank you for the Gold AND Silver anonymous redditor(s)!

**u/junebuggy44** (4,597 points)

My dad said he used to do this when I was baby. He would roll my bassinet into the closet because it was the only place where I would eventually fall asleep instead of screaming my head off for hours on end. It was completely dark and quiet in there and I would fall asleep in just a few minutes. I obviously have no memories or damage from this. It’s actually a pretty smart move in my opinion. I wasn’t being harmed in any way. I was in a cozy dark space and I would sleep through the night in there. 

You didn’t do anything wrong. You didn’t harm your child. You walked away from a stressful situation and got some much needed rest,  and she cried it out and went to sleep. 

Edit: thank you for the gold!

**u/madeupcolor** (1,548 points)

This was the nicest, most supportive response I have ever read. I could feel my own panic at the memory of when my young daughter wouldn't sleep while reading this.  You have made my day and I sure hope someone makes yours.

**u/Hipppydude** (1,510 points)

I've gotten looks of total horror when I remind someone that they actually can just put the baby down in a safe and secure place to take a breather and gain back a little sanity but people freak out like it's some outlandish idea and "what would people think".

Edit:  Thank you for the silver!  It's my first precious metal!

**u/Chinlc** (869 points)

My dad said he used to drive me around the block with the windows open, so i can feel the breeze to make me fall asleep.

I don't remember this, but it makes me smile, pity he didn't stay as a good father.

**u/DyingInsideFromThis** (806 points)

Just want to say you're awesome! And great advice! I need to try this with my little guy

**u/cheddarfever** (735 points)

When I was a baby, my dad used to stay home with me when my mom was at work. I would scream for my mom the whole time, so he would put on his giant headphones to block out the sound. Whatever you have to do to keep you and baby alive and healthy, do it.

**u/ih-shah-may-ehl** (664 points)

No, you are not a terrible mother. You are overwhelmed.

You have a baby who -for whatever reason- cries a lot. All babies are different. However, you are a human being suffering sleep deprivation. I am proud of you. You were on the verge of breaking and doing something bad. And then you caught yourself, made sure the baby was safe, set an alarm timer, and had an hour of sleep to yourself.

You are a hero. I wish you nothing but the best.

Btw, my youngest daughter was like that as well. My wife and I were taking turns having sleepless nights. We figured out she was having cramps because she was mildly lactose intolerant. We switched to soy based baby formula and literally that same day she stopped crying. Not saying this is the case with yours. It may be something else, or it may be random.

And try to get some help from friends or family, just so you don't break yourself.

But listen to me, you are a wonderful, loving mother. You caught yourself and made sure your baby was safe.

**u/pineapplefountain** (503 points)

Thank you for all the kind words and support. I had no idea a car seat wouldn't be safe. I thought she'd at least be strapped in and supported. It's a combo car seat/stroller carrier. Honestly, I'm kicking myself for my actions. My beautiful little girl deserves better. My husband is home now and we are going to try to arrange for help to come a few times a week to give me a break. It'll be a significant expense, but I think I need it. Unfortunately we recently moved and I have no friends or family nearby. Thank you again. There are some truly lovely people on this thread.

Edit: Empty closet, we just moved. So no coats could fall on her. Why the closet and not her room? It's right next to the bedroom and the walls are thin so I can still hear her crying and cannot sleep. I'm so guilty about the carseat. Since it doubles as her stroller and carrier I thought it was safe. I had no idea. Thank you everyone for informing  me of the risk. I will never do it again.

**u/lemmful** (432 points)

And lack of sleep really affects us more than we give credit. Post-partum depression is totally different than being in a state of nearly breaking down because your physical needs are put on the back burner. Good job OP for making a safe, smart choice!

**u/Diya251** (425 points)

My dear, you're not a terrible person or mother. I remember being frustrated like this because of my sister's crying and I wasn't at all expected to care for her full time. Parenting is only easy to people who don't have kids to raise. Like others have said, get some support and I sincerely hope everything works out for you. Hang in there, champ.

**u/CasanovasMuse** (336 points)

Who are these people who give you looks of horror? Because I was given *this exact* advice. From my pediatrician, no less. “If you’ve tried everything and you know that the baby isn’t just hungry or wet, etc, put them in their crib. Shut the door. Go take a break. Take a few min and then go back and try again.” So if you’re crazy for saying that ... what does that make my pediatrician?

**u/Maout** (316 points)

This is pretty common. You didn’t hurt your baby, that’s the important part. Sometimes they just need to cry it out. Reach out to other mothers and your doctor to see if they have any thoughts on why baby is so upset. Could be something like colic

**u/Moruitelda** (284 points)

&gt; Babies feed off your energy. Try laughing when you feel overwhelmed, it can trick your heart and energy and the baby can’t feel your panick anymore..

Yeah, when you're at your wits' end, desperately trying to get them to stop... the baby can tell.

**u/LtMajorPrick** (277 points)

First time dad here with a 10 month old girl who screamed for months. 

It will get better and you're doing the best you can. 

Everyone wants to shake a screaming baby, it's natural. 

Don't beat yourself up (or your baby 😂)

**u/I_Molest_Pasta** (272 points)

Alright, time to get dark and vulnerable on my main account. No throw away here! 



I hope when someone scrolls through my comment history they understand that I've grown healthier as a person. 



When I was pregnant I was not with the right person. Honestly.. I didn't even want a kid. He found me after my mom had died, my husband had cheated on me, and I was an Empty and shattered person. He was a predator, and I was weak and slow. Our relationship started fine, sweet, happy. I thought he was 100% opposite of who he truly was. He showered me with love and affection, and I felt like I found my person. 

The abuse started simple, easy to overlook. *No, you can't go to your friends today* then, *Stop texting that friend, they're bad*, then *delete your Facebook, don't leave the house without me. No one will ever appreciate you like I do. No on loves you but me. If you don't do what I want I'll leave you and you'll be alone.* 

It's been an intense few years if therapy, but I've finally accepted that rape by coercion is a thing. He forced me to get pregnant, or else. 


Which brings me to the heart of my story. I wanted to die. When I was pregnant I was at my absolute lowest, and I was ready to hang myself from the rafters. I had the rope, I stood on the trailer, and I was ready, I couldn't handle it anymore, I couldn't bring my daughter into this life. Then I realized, even if life is shitty, I had some good moments, and she deserved them too. When I say my kid saved me, I don't mean that in a poetic or metaphorical way. My unborn child literally kept me from killing myself. She still does, to this day. She doesn't realize it because I try to shield her from adult struggles, but I was even lower recently, every day was a struggle to ignore the call of the void. But, I had to keep pushing. For her. I can't ever give up. For her. She needs a mother, she needs a positive roll model who, when she's older at least, she'll realize pushed through *so much* to succeed. 


With that said, even with how much I value her as my child, as a person, and as my motivating force, I've had to walk away. I've had to put her in her playpen and walk away. I've had to shut her in her bedroom, and walk away. I've had to pass her to my dad for a few hours, and walk away. Kids are going through so much, and I get that. They're experiencing so much, learning new things, feeling new emotions. It's a lot to take in, and sometimes it doesn't make sense so all that comes out are tantrums and screaming. I 100% get that. Even understanding that doesn't make it any easier to handle as a parent. Sometimes they just push too much, scream too long, and you're fried. 


Making sure they're safe is always a priority, but making sure you, as a parent, are sane, comes in a close second. 



Edit: To whoever gave me platinum and silver, I want to say thank you. I've tried sending a message to the anonymous user, but I keep getting the *Something went wrong* error. I just wanted to say (assuming my message actually wasn't sent), I didn't expect much of a response to my comment, I was simply sharing a story. I'm glad that I could move someone with my words and experiences. I mean it when I say I hope you have a wonderful life, free of major strife and struggle. But, if you are struggling, I want you to know it's only temporary and any hard times you've faced only make you stronger as a person. Stay beautiful!

**u/CravingCheeseburgers** (230 points)

My dad also used to drive me around to get me to sleep. He was a car salesman and used to do deliveries with me in the car 😂

Edit: thank you for the silver! u/khonilz

**u/JTP1228** (188 points)

OP should invest in noise cancelling headphones. The Bose Quietcomfort 35s block out all noise so you cant hear anything

**u/carhoin** (186 points)

Hey, not a parent, but I was that screechy baby. My parents were at a loss, the more they comforted, the more I screamed. Turns out I was hypersensitive to all stimulus and all I wanted was to be swaddled and left in a quiet and dark room. Talk to your doctor, see what they know and if they have any tricks. I’m sure someone else has already said it, but try to put on a big smile and happy tone when soothing and interacting. It’s hard to get into that head space, but babies respond to the energy of their caregiver, especially their mother. 

ETA: Oh!! Try kangaroo care, it’s supposed to be great for soothing.

**u/PaulyGirl** (173 points)

I signed up to Reddit just to say you are amazing for sharing your struggles. Do you know how many people don’t and then make awful decisions? Have felt like you many many times. I have a friend who was driving on a four lane highway with two kids in car seats. The infant was screaming its head off, the two year old was yelling and crying too. Two year old got of car seat (many years ago) and started bopping the baby with its bottle just for fun. She couldn’t pull over so she pulled the two year olds jacket so she could reach him and bite the kid. He stopped bopping and and she managed to get off the highway. She called me crying and wanting to call  children services on herself. I was so impressed with her ability to multitask and allowing them to live. So doing what you did was kind. It was a great solution. Now you know babies won’t cry themselves to sleep and your actions may be the beginning of teaching your child to self sooth herself to calm down and sleep. A HUGE deal. Trust me. You will remember this moment as the turning point if you keep this in mind and put her down using a schedule. AND you will have rest and your sanity in return. Promise. I doubt i will ever respond on here again but would never forgive myself letting you not add one more supportive mama or helper! Good job!!!!

**u/Scott_Steiner_BBBD** (165 points)

/u/pineapplefountain please do this.  Trust me there are people on Reddit (regardless of what other sites will tell you) that are extremely caring and want to see the best in humanity.  3 Redditors helped me over come my homelessness.  This is a solid and caring community for the most part that honestly wants to help.

**u/BRtIK** (164 points)

Dave stop lying to these people. You sleep with a 600 watt night light. The last power outage caused you to regress into a caveman like purge state and we lost 2 city blocks and one of the most popular zoo's in the state./s

**u/robinzegg** (155 points)

I totally agree and understand everyone needs to step away at times but strapped into a car seat outside of the car AND unsupervised is absolutely NOT safe and a huge risk for positional asphyxia or strangulation. A car seat is not at the appropriate recline position on the floor. Baby would be much safer on a flat surface like a crib or even a cleared floor area. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/25917769/

OP, if you have any family or friends around you should ask for some help. I was alone too and it was really hard.

**u/feyahh** (140 points)

My parents said this was the only way to shut me up until I was about two years old. To this day I will still pass out in a car ride longer than 15 minutes if I'm not driving.
