# I broke up with my boyfriend because he yelled at me.

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/ThrowawayKarma29  
**Score:** 32,096  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/raub23/i_broke_up_with_my_boyfriend_because_he_yelled_at/  

---

I'm a 29 year old woman.

He and I dated for about eight months. Our relationship was fine. We did things together, we had fun. There weren't any obvious red flags, but I always got this feeling that he didn't value me much. At times he seemed a bit cold and acted like he was annoyed with me for no apparent reason.  


It all came to a head when, three days ago when we were hanging out at my place, he asked me to hand him the TV remote. I was sitting right next to him on the couch and was working on my laptop. I reached for the remote without looking and accidentally handed him my phone instead.  


I though it was funny after I realized what I had done. I laughed as I handed him the actual remote. He had that same annoyed look on his face. He began yelling at me and called me "a stupid bitch". 

I was stunned. I have NEVER raised my voice at him, or disrespected him in any way. I did not deserve to be treated this way. I told him our relationship was over and asked him to leave. He told me to calm down and stop overreacting. 

I simply walked to the front door opened it wide and told him to get out, and never come back. He walked out telling me I was being dramatic. 

The very next day I returned the presents he had given me. They meant nothing to me now.

My friends are telling me that I DID overreact and I shouldn't just end a relationship because he yelled at me once,  and have asked me to patch things up. His friends too began harassing me on social media.  I blocked them all (HIS friends, not mine). 

I'm not going to reach out to him to try to "work things out" as some people have suggested. Because I know that I do not deserve this treatment. I've always treated him with respect and I deserve that in return. 

I just needed to tell somebody. Thank you for reading.

---

## Top Comments

**u/LadyDiscoPants** (4,069 points)

I chose to stay with a boyfriend who yelled at me because he was mad I had walked and gotten him a coffee and woke him up 5 minutes early to give it to him. I married that dude, and got yelled at for 20 years.   


Now I leave people who yell at me over nothing.  


You are smart. You'll do better than I did. Good luck!

**u/South-Hair-195** (3,764 points)

I absolutely love your boundaries and how you see things clearly. It was definitely the right decision. 

He didn’t even try to apologise but forced you to work things out with him and accused you of being dramatic. You don’t need that kind of energy in your life.

**u/smurfthesmurfup** (2,759 points)

Hang on... He shouted and swore at you for absent mindedly handing him a phone over a remote, but it's YOU who is overreacting?

And why are your friends so keen for you to go out with him anyway?  How does he benefit them?

**u/shiveryslinky** (2,210 points)

I just wanted to say that I'm really impressed by your evident self- worth and independence. 
I legit love reading about instances where people know their value and refuse to accept anything less!

**u/OhMeowGod** (1,725 points)

&gt;My friends are telling me that I DID overreact and I shouldn't just end a relationship because **he yelled at me once**

Somehow I find this even more vexing

**u/ThrowawayKarma29** (1,232 points)

I'm so sorry you were put through that. I hope you're happier now.

**u/chupa408** (929 points)

Damn that escalated quickly. No one should call you a bitch over something so insignificant that’s crazy. Imagine if you did something worse damn.   My wife left me because I didn’t tell her where the remote was. I didn’t know lol.

**u/Shferitz** (921 points)

And it’s not just the yelling, it’s _what_ he yelled. Zero to “stupid bitch” says that he doesn’t really like her (or women in general- who knows?).

**u/maywellflower** (795 points)

&gt;Hang on... He shouted and swore at you for absent mindedly handing him a phone over a remote, but it's YOU who is overreacting?

&amp;#x200B;

A TV remote in HER home - I too would kick him out out for insulting and yelling at me in my home.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt; And why are your friends so keen for you to go out with him anyway? How does he benefit them?

&amp;#x200B;

Either her friends have no self-respect for themselves and/or can't grasp the context of where &amp; timeline of when in the relationship this happen (especially 8 months in) - that mess up way to find out your friends don't have your back in situation that could had easily escalated to violence right there and then, or days /weeks / months later. OP wouldn't be wrong to dump some of those friends later on if they still act like flying monkeys for her ex to get back together - don't need to be friends with people  who condone domestic violence &amp; abuse as if it's normal in relationships when clearly isn't....

**u/mackafat** (699 points)

Dude was a pos. He kept his anger issues hidden well for a while, but op has more balls than he does. Her response was absolutely warranted, impressive and put a smile on this dude's face.

**u/brianstormIRL** (613 points)

The cherry on top is him and everyone saying she over reacted when he fuckig lost his mind because she accidentally handed him her phone instead of the remote because she was working on her laptop, a legitimately funny moment and he went apeshit but shes the one who over reacted??

**u/Stickguy259** (431 points)

I have literally never felt the need to yell at a significant other, let alone call my girlfriends a bitch on top of that. You are most definitely right to have ditched him, I had a stepdad who would always apologize for yelling but the yelling never stopped. You definitely didn't overreact and it sounds like his friend group is toxic on top of that if they've been harassing you.

You'll find someone better, don't settle for someone willing to be so mean.

**u/JuanPablo2016** (380 points)

I think Women are conditioned to think that they are to blame for such scenarios and it's up to them to apologise and accept blame for angering the man.

It's very sad but that's how things work still.

**u/arizzzona** (368 points)

You’re not overreacting. Seems like you dodged a bullet to me.

**u/Zero1030** (242 points)

That he'd call you a bitch for handing him the wrong item.

**u/hmckervey1997** (220 points)

HELL. YES.

Finally a confession about an ex that I fully stand behind lmao.

You are an inspiration. Take no shit. Fuck yes dude.

You did the absolutely right thing! Didn't play it off and put yourself through possibly endless cycles of breaking up and getting back together. Straight to the point. You KNOW your worth.

It doesn't matter if you talk to him
He'll cry like a bitch to be with someone at your maturity level.
Leave him be. Block him. (You already blocked his friends which was my next service lmao)

BUT!

GIRL, seriously. Talk with your friends in depth. If they don't stand behind you, I would SERIOUSLY question their motives behind the "advice" they gave you to stick it out with him.

Don't just think about him, look at your "friends". Also, they might be traumatized/conditioned to think this is okay, but set an example. Seriously.

As an adult you should be expected to act like an adult, not like your bf who threw a hissy fit over a remote.

Be an example.
You are an inspiration and #goals.
Sending love and good vibes.
DM is always open if you want to talk but yeah everything above still stands 100%

**u/Muppetude** (216 points)

And good on her for connecting the dots between this incident and his past cold behavior towards her. She could tell for months that something was off, and then he finally decided to show her.

**u/Aramiss60** (214 points)

Not going to lie, I can be a pain in the ass. My husband has never treated me badly, and he’s never called me names. You 100% did the right thing, you teach people how to treat you, if you’d let him stay it’s just telling him that he’s right to treat you that way. I wish more people had the good sense to end a crappy relationship early.

**u/TNShadetree** (209 points)

Jesus, I'd tell your friends he's available if they'd like an abusive boyfriend.   
And you framed it perfectly, there was a lack of respect and that wouldn't change. Why waste time. If you feel bad at all it's because you hoped he was a good guy, but he just isn't, so too bad.

**u/DucDEnghien** (197 points)

For me it's not the fact that he reacted by yelling at you. I could understand some temporary sudden burst of bad temper. But insulting you with no reason whatsoever... that's a huge red flag, absolutely unacceptable.

You made the correct decision.

**u/[deleted]** (181 points)

100%. Saying something out of frustration after a long bad day is normal. And then feeling bad about it and apologizing to your partner.

But "stupid bitch" is so fucked up. Doesn't come out by accident. I hope I have the strength to kick someone out immediately if they ever said that to me

**u/Ella1570** (179 points)

He sounds like he can turn on the charisma when he wants to, which might be why he has people hassling her to try again. This behaviour would scare me, and I’m proud OP has the self worth to set a firm line in the sand. I haven’t in similar situations and it goes rapidly downhill.

**u/mattdimaulo** (152 points)

More often than not, in my experience, that is a sign of someone's true nature. Being so quick to anger and insults is probably something he's been surpressing and he finally let it out. In my limited knowledge of him, it sounds like things had the potential to get much worse, possibly on a regular basis. You stood up for yourself and didn't let him treat you like that, I think you made the right choice OP. Excellent example of self compassion and proper boundaries.

**u/Zero1030** (145 points)

That's nuts
