# I am a foot and a half taller than my wife. So when I take a shower I make sure to set the shower head as high as possible. Then when she gets in she can’t reach it to lower it and she has to call me in. So I get to see her naked. She has yet to realize that setting is too high for even me.

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/gtchuckd  
**Score:** 31,066  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/960j8m/i_am_a_foot_and_a_half_taller_than_my_wife_so/  

---

Not that I can’t see her naked pretty much any time but still. It’s the little things.

---

## Top Comments

**u/shartnado3** (11,132 points)

&gt; It’s the little things.

Thats what she said?

**u/gtchuckd** (6,933 points)

You cut me deep. You cut me real deep. 😂😂

**u/AndreiTheAsian** (3,707 points)

Did you enjoy some shower head

**u/CamachoNotSure** (3,527 points)

Brb gonna go adjust the shower head

**u/sirkevun** (3,444 points)

Brb gonna go find a wife

**u/gtchuckd** (2,961 points)

Here you are playing chess while I’m playing checkers.

**u/Spectre_GD** (2,424 points)

Brb gonna go find a foot and a half

**u/samor17** (2,371 points)

She probably will never realize it’s too tall for you. 



Source: I’m short. Boyfriend is tall. 

Edit: grammar

**u/Whyidodat** (2,181 points)

Hahaa, I used to hide all of the big towels from my girlfriend so when she'd come out of the shower all that would be left were the little half towels that cover nothing!

**u/gtchuckd** (1,594 points)

Ayyyyy

**u/shartnado3** (1,201 points)

&gt; You cut me deep. You cut me real deep.

Not what she said?

**u/ScrubDuchess** (1,173 points)

Honestly, this is adorable.

**u/DicedPeppers** (901 points)

Seein boobs 😎👍

**u/Seulmoon** (831 points)

Get the fuck out of here with that cuteness. 

Although, I now suspect my tall boyfriend of doing similar shit...

**u/PaulTheCowardlyRyan** (736 points)

Prevents her from bathing and attracting another man

**u/gtchuckd** (728 points)

It’s the tits

**u/Mokolpop1266** (675 points)

Brb gonna go find a shower

**u/Dr_Explosion** (549 points)

Brb gonna go find a punchline to this joke

**u/gtchuckd** (521 points)

It’s worked out for me on many occasions I’m happy to report

**u/GeekyAine** (501 points)

Same boat here. I just assume everything always needs to be on the tallest settings and even then he's probably going to have to stoop.

**u/ISaidThatOnPurpose** (486 points)

Uh... if she's your wife,  can't you just see her the normal way?

Make a fake tinder account and ask her for nudes on it?

**u/gtchuckd** (421 points)

It comes with the territory

**u/Whyidodat** (406 points)

Hahaa, yeah u gotta keep things mischievously spicy in life

**u/gtchuckd** (399 points)

Exactly

**u/cornfuzedyet** (353 points)

Somehow I bet she knows but doesn't mind allowing you to be the hero whilst getting a sneak peak. Bravo!!
