# Why I am Aunt Susan the Karma Farming Facebook Fiend

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/coolgirlonthetrain  
**Score:** 30,505  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/a98vd9/why_i_am_aunt_susan_the_karma_farming_facebook/  

---

My Reddit username is Coolgirlonthetrain.  I am not really “cool” but I commute daily on a train.  So it’s partially correct.  I am an English woman.  Living in England.  About 2 years ago the fate that is called life landed an American guy in my local pub.  My first impression was that he was different and a little odd.  I was drawn to this oddness.  It was cool and exciting and it brings out my personality and inner quirks.  About a year ago we have become the best of friends.  It’s platonic and it’s amazing.  It’s a friendship like no other.    Well, of course being a typically reserved English woman I had never heard of Reddit.  The guy, who shall be known as Mr X obviously is a hardcore Redditer and has an established account.   He told me about Reddit suggesting I set up an account and bet that I could never achieve the same amount of Karma as him.    I think it was more the smug grin on his face as he was looking down at me that had the greatest impact and made me more so determined.  What I don’t think he realised is that I am incredibly competitive with the determination and heart of a Lion. The prize if I did would be a trip to Canada. I have never been West so for me this would be incredible.  This was three weeks ago.    Over the last three weeks I have frantically posted all sorts of stuff in an eager attempt to work out what works.   I have been called every name under the sun “Karma Whore” “Karma Farmer” “Aunt Susan” and to colloquially go back to Facebook.  I have even been requested to stay on my side of the “Pond”.   This is my confession.   This is why I have been behaving like Aunt Susan the Karma Farming Facebook fiend.   I apologise and if you’re interested I will of course keep you posted.  Confessions of the not so cool girl on the train.

---

## Top Comments

**u/coolgirlonthetrain** (5,421 points)

Mr X has 65k karma at present.

**u/coolgirlonthetrain** (4,974 points)

😂

**u/coolgirlonthetrain** (3,655 points)

I think Mr X underestimated my determination

**u/coolgirlonthetrain** (3,602 points)

I love Reddit.  It’s a million times better than Facebook.   My only negative feedback is the seriousness of some people.  Agreed I am proud of my titles 😂

**u/hippieone** (3,346 points)

All the best in your karma whoring, take an upvote on me and enjoy your trip to Cananda! :D

**u/coolgirlonthetrain** (3,302 points)

Sooner the better for me!!!!

**u/coolgirlonthetrain** (2,828 points)

Thank you!

**u/coolgirlonthetrain** (1,831 points)

Thank you!!! The thought of going to Canada with my best friend makes me very happy.   Wish me luck 👍

**u/Ocars22** (1,663 points)

40k karma in three weeks? Damn

Edit: another 40k in one day? Keep being a karma whore, lmao

**u/coolgirlonthetrain** (1,554 points)

Thank you!!!!

**u/coolgirlonthetrain** (1,539 points)

Thank you that’s brilliant 👍

**u/NoReach9** (1,484 points)

What's your karma target?

**u/coolgirlonthetrain** (1,465 points)

😂

**u/coolgirlonthetrain** (1,285 points)

I honestly don’t know.   We haven’t discussed the small print yet.    Mr X still doesn’t think I will do it.   He is still in denial 😂

**u/coolgirlonthetrain** (1,266 points)

Thank you !!!!

**u/coolgirlonthetrain** (1,138 points)

65k

**u/coolgirlonthetrain** (1,033 points)

Thank you!!

**u/Monstiemama** (962 points)

I love this. I had no clue you could become a karma whore, congrats on making the title.

**u/coolgirlonthetrain** (784 points)

Thank you!  He is smug but not the other!

**u/coolgirlonthetrain** (780 points)

Of course I will 👍

**u/coolgirlonthetrain** (761 points)

Thank you !!!!!!!!! This Ladies and Gentlemen is Mr X and this is my Christmas miracle!!! I am so happy right now !!

**u/coolgirlonthetrain** (734 points)

Thank you!!! If I wasn’t out to prove to Mr X that he isn’t as “cool” as he thinks I wouldn’t really care and post as much as I do.

**u/vigilandy1** (708 points)

The Toronto area. Burlington, to be specific. Sometime in March.

Congratulations, u/coolgirlonthetrain. I underestimated you and I shouldn't have. I teased you for posting safe, colorful, 'Aunt Susan' type memes that were so saccharine they could give people a cavity just looking at them. I thought there would be no way you could catch up to my 65k karma. I assumed the cynical jack-asses of reddit would chew you up and spit you out but I was wrong. You have been dedicated, persistent, and come through with the goods. Everyone loves you. r/funny loves you. r/mildlyinteresting loves you. r/pics loves you. r/confessions loves you. Even my group of merry knuckleheads at r/me_irl loves you.

I am very proud of you and honored to be called a friend of yours.

I concede. Let's take off to the Great White North.

-Love, Respect, Admiration,

Andy, Mr. X, u/vigilandy1

**u/coolgirlonthetrain** (698 points)

Thank you 😊

**u/coolgirlonthetrain** (697 points)

😊
