# I can’t get help on Reddit because I don’t have karma.

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/laniegames  
**Score:** 27,620  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/asuixw/i_cant_get_help_on_reddit_because_i_dont_have/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/VAG0** (2,577 points)

I've been on reddit for years and I still dont understand how this shit works. Just here for the cute cat pictures, pretty much.

**u/Punky0327** (1,591 points)

Karma is fake internet points that people get excited about (including myself lol) - some subreddits (subs) require Karma to comment or post, but most of them do not. Separately, people can gift you gold or silver to show appreciation for something you post or comment on. Can't wait until I get gold someday! Haha 

Edit: OH MY GLOB - thanks for the gold stranger! Lol I am so stoked, my bf is talking mad shit on me for being so excited lmao I do appreciate it though! 

Edit #2: PLATIUM what in tarnation! Lol Thanks so much everyone! I feel like I'm on ecstacy right now lmao

**u/Cavia4ever** (1,194 points)

I'm new to reddit. What is the karma points? Gold. Silver, Platinum? Thanks in advance.

**u/lolipopcorn** (927 points)

My karma is 2 ,posted once and got grammar schooled .(english not my first language). 😔

Edit: thanks for the platinum kind stranger .

**u/laniegames** (659 points)

I’m here. I just now got off work. Im stunned and in awe right now

**u/laniegames** (549 points)

I’m here I’m so sorry I’m trying to reply more I’m overwhelmed I’m so thankful

**u/LuNiK7505** (500 points)

You’re lying, no one here has a bf of gf

**u/laniegames** (441 points)

I could cry. What is happening? Why is everyone being nice to me?

**u/narcimetamorpho** (415 points)

Nuh uh. I have a super awesome boyfriend. His name is Brad and he drives a Lamborghini and is an underwear model. You just wouldn't know him because he doesn't live around here.

**u/HaltAndCatchTheKnick** (336 points)

Sounds like you also need some r/chonkers in your life

**u/laniegames** (331 points)

Thank you thank you I will do this

**u/laniegames** (313 points)

We are out of cat litter, and almost out of cat food. Mostly out of food ourselves.

**u/laniegames** (270 points)

Are you serious? Thank you. Thank you. We really are. I will. Thank you

**u/laniegames** (269 points)

Oh my gosh thank you so much. Thank you. I will PM you. Thank you so much. There is so much that we need that I need to figure out what to ask for that’s most important. Thank you so much

**u/laniegames** (262 points)

Thank you. You are so kind I’m in shock

**u/iThinkiStartedATrend** (242 points)

Comment more.  I ran out of shit to upvote.

**u/laniegames** (196 points)

Thank you

**u/bobbyboat** (181 points)

He just goes to a different school guyz

**u/laniegames** (180 points)

Thank you. We are in a very low income area so resources such as food banks and churches are very stark bc so many need help

**u/okawei** (177 points)

Good mod

**u/laniegames** (174 points)

Thank you

**u/laniegames** (170 points)

Thank you so much

**u/laniegames** (163 points)

Thank you

**u/gnarfler** (147 points)

OP you gotta make a comment in this thread so we can help
