# I made over 16 calls today trying to find mental health services in my area. More specifically a psychologist that could help. In the end I just gave up. No wonder America has a mental health crisis. Nobody answers the damn phone when people try to seek help.

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/GrouchyBunny  
**Score:** 25,085  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/av44l6/i_made_over_16_calls_today_trying_to_find_mental/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Gerardoblanco** (2,828 points)

If anyone needs someone to talk to. I may not be a psychiatrist but I do work as a combat medic and I’m more than willing to listen and talk and help you find your way. Dm for a number I will always answer. 

Edit: My lord thank you kind strangers for the gold and sliver! My very first one! 
Gold bless you guys. 
If anyone knows any family or friends that you know need some advice but are to afraid to ask let me know.
 
Edit2: I’m sorry guys I’ve been answering messages no stop for a few hours now, I’m hoping I’ve help every single one of you even if it is the slightest. I’m heading off to bed tonight. If you got my number and need me in the middle of the night go ahead and call I’ll answer( ringer is on high) goodnight ya’ll I’ll message again tomorrow morning! 

Edit3: My lord thank you everyone for your kind words! This blew up and I’ve been trying to help everyone! I’m sorry for not answering I woke up early and was on a detail.  I should be able to answer everyone rapidly again!

**u/GrouchyBunny** (1,148 points)

True hero right there! Wish I had gold to give. Thank you!

**u/breathlesshaste** (645 points)

I don’t have any new advice, but you’re not alone in this. It’s a sad commentary on the state of mental healthcare when it’s so hard to find a provider, and when you do, the first appointment you can get is 3 months away. I ended up going to my general practitioner, who prescribed antianxiety meds and a mild antidepressant until I could be seen by a therapist. I don’t know what I would have done if he hadn’t. Best of luck to you, and please don’t give up! If nothing else, try to get in to see your regular doctor and let them know you need help. Sometimes you just have to keep yelling until someone listens.

**u/Gerardoblanco** (541 points)

Nah man I’m no hero, I’m just trying to help. I know how hard it is for people with mental health problems find help.

**u/JHazelK** (464 points)

If you have a normal physician/doctor/hospital that you go to for normal check ups, you can mention that you'd like to be connected to a mental health professional and they can give you direct referrals and contacts to try.

**u/GrouchyBunny** (318 points)

My appointment is for the 20th of next month. Will meet with a primary care next wed. Thanks for being empathetic

**u/BlondieMaggs** (243 points)

True heroes always say they're not a hero.

**u/pazuzusboss** (154 points)

No joke I called the suicide hotline and had the messenger going at the same time. An hour later was still on hold. Would also take me weeks to get into see my shrink. It sucks. When people need help it’s very difficult.

**u/system0540** (140 points)

Warm lines
(Non crisis peer support)
“
Indiana 1-800-933-5397
8am-5pm m-f
Kentucky 1-859-252-0058
5p-9p m-f
Ohio 1-513-931-9276
24/7
New York City 
1-888-692-9355
24/7
Utah
801-587-1055

- [ ]  
Try a warm line! Keeps me out of the hospital. I wish you well.

**u/LilCrunchyBar** (126 points)

I've been on this path for about 6 months now. Still haven't seen anyone. Yayyyy......
(Not saying it's not an option tho! Some places may be much better than mine.)

**u/Rod_Skyhook** (113 points)

Just one possible explanation - as a mental health practitioner, it’s only me in the office and am often in session when people call. Leave messages when and where you can- people are out there to help but we don’t always have the staff to field all the need in the most timely manner. Hope you find someone great to work with!

**u/GrouchyBunny** (90 points)

Thanks everyone for trying to help me.

**u/christianforce** (69 points)

Omg he’s Batman

**u/Victorious666** (61 points)

2 years ago I had a damn near impossible time trying to check myself in during a manic episode. Staff during my 72 hours was shit too. Fuck the mental health system.

**u/stuckonanisle** (52 points)

Or maybe just no money but an non judgement ear to speak to and vent to if need be.

**u/mintmilanomadness** (50 points)

Thank you for your service. I think what you’re doing now as a profession as well as your offer to help others speaks volumes about your character.

**u/TheBigBadBrit89** (49 points)

Being a therapist in training and having sought my own therapy, I know how much the system sucks. Referral after referral, all these hoops you have to jump through, and then to only get an appointment in what feels like half a lifetime away when you’re going through some s#!+. I feel your pain. I don’t know what the solution is yet, but I feel your pain.

**u/WrinklyScroteSack** (45 points)

If LEGO Batman has taught me anything, Batman really thinks he’s the greatest hero of all.

**u/honestlyimeanreally** (43 points)

Are these volunteers? If so, how do you volunteer?

**u/FourFoxxSAKE2812** (31 points)

I was hoping to see this comment. I work with mental/behavioral health quite frequently (military medicine) and there just aren’t enough people to help unfortunately.

**u/patiencesp** (31 points)

wonder if its because of fewer volunteers, or just that many more callers

**u/taws34** (31 points)

Current army, former combat medic.

I don't miss that life - but this is one of the things we do as a medic.


The good medics are *always* there for our soldiers.



Good on ya, Doc.

**u/vertebratus** (29 points)

r/pleasecallme

You can always volunteer some time over there if you're feeling like it. Thanks for listening, you're a good person.

**u/zombiegod** (28 points)

Oh i agree. Mental health wasn't even covered on my insurance. I wanted to commit suicide and needed help. But found none. Just had to deal with it alone.

**u/mmsood99** (27 points)

You are right. I have been a volunteer on a crisis line for victims of domestic violence for about 12 years. In that time, I feel my work is closer to that of a mental health professional than a trained intervention councilor. The resources for mental health are pathetic.
