# I quit crystal meth on March 1st. Today somebody left some on my coffee table and I threw it out. Feeling like I've proven I'm free

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/ChillRedditAccount96  
**Score:** 24,965  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/bgy43p/i_quit_crystal_meth_on_march_1st_today_somebody/  

---

Wow, this blew up. Thank you for all your support. This is the first time I checked Reddit after my post. Thank you for the silver and gold and for all the encouragement!

---

## Top Comments

**u/pepesilviaismydad** (5,037 points)

Dude please, please don’t take this as a negative or me shitting in your achievement. 

First of all, that’s fucking awesome.  Had a bunch of friends addicted to opiates and as much as I tried to help, nothing worked. Some are dead/in jail/or are just a fucking mess still (I’m in my 40’s as are they).  

Dude not only did you quit but you were able to toss what was lying around. I feel that would of been the first relapse for most people.  Truly shows your strength and character and I genuinely wish you nothing but the best moving forward. 

I don’t know your story but I found it concerning that a month or so after you quit someone left shit in your house. I’m sure you heard this a ton of times and I’m really not trying to bring you down at all, but get the fuck away from those people.   Maybe try support groups or something similar to meet people in similar situations who understand what’s needed to stay clean.  

You should be proud of yourself, hell I think we’re all proud of ya. Stay strong brother and if you need to chat or something feel free to pm me whenever. 👍✌️

Edit: toward to forward

**u/captncoop88** (1,084 points)

Congrats! And just a friendly suggestion maybe dont hang around folks who will leave meth on your coffee table

**u/Marginwalker34** (754 points)

Agree 100% with this and to piggyback on it also not in a negative way....but you are never free, addiction is a day to day minute to minute even battle...Theres ups and downs and in 10 years you will still have dreams about it and cravings...thats the challenge ..but with the right support you can do it dude!

**u/Broskibullet** (404 points)

...or anyone that does meth. At all.

**u/Hipppydude** (345 points)

You might never be free of the addiction but for fucks sake you can be free of those shitty friends trying to rope you back in.

**u/El_R3y2345** (146 points)

Don’t let that piece of shit back in your house, much less your life. You got this and keep your head up. Congrats.

**u/alicia_tried** (144 points)

I just hit 10 years on the 14th from meth. I still think and dream about it. If I hadn't have moved out of the state I would still be using. All of the friends that I had that I still check up on every once in a while are still using. 

So I 100% agree with you and the above poster.

**u/elpasegacho** (136 points)

congrats to a new beginning.

**u/throwawayskinlessbro** (99 points)

Not only does OP karma farm constantly on this sub for baity-drug related posts to get sympathy points over the internet, this is a LITERAL quote from OP that he's deleted...

&amp;#x200B;

"[I was using crystal meth the past couple months and quit on my birthday a few days ago. I have been using cocaine socially since then and consider coke a "light" drug now and don't plan on quitting...](https://www.reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/ah6gc8/i_was_using_crystal_meth_the_past_couple_months/) "

&amp;#x200B;

Confession: You're a huge douche.

**u/Wascally-Wabbeeto** (97 points)

I’ve also found that things definitely get scarier when I think I have the addiction conquered.

**u/fellatious_argument** (82 points)

Misery loves company.

**u/Woodwagon** (79 points)

It reminds me of a short book "Go ask Alice" . Same thing happened to her, well her drink/food was spiked and its gruesome. 

Why do people sabotage "friends" who quite drugs??

**u/Blinded-TD** (65 points)

Yes officer this comment right here

**u/FrostySausage** (58 points)

You’re the reason why so many people hate stoners.

**u/Sylvester_Scott** (55 points)

Don't hang out with Tuco anymore.

**u/VanEarly** (55 points)

Congratulations, that's huge! Keep up the good work!

**u/SuperAids00** (55 points)

That’s awesome man, but whoever you’re hanging around that’s leaving it on your tables get the fuck way from them.

**u/ryanatlive** (51 points)

As someone who is 4 years clean from meth, I stand by this 110%. Get the fuck away from them, and surround yourself with people that take you in a positive direction. So proud of you, my friend.

**u/alicia_tried** (47 points)

I don't have anyone's number just Messenger. They're the only reason I really have it on my phone.

The few I do check in on are from before I was using. We had kids around the same time and we all hung out. Then shit went down so fast.

Started with oxys, then heroin, then crack, and then meth. 

I got out when I realized no one really cared about me. I was always extremely paranoid that no one cared about me lol then some shit happened that proved it. A family member was moving far away and offered for me to come with so I did. I didn't even tell anyone that I was leaving.

 When I showed up on FB after a while people were surprised I was alive. Some even said they had a memorial type thing for me, of course it was just an excuse for them to get fucked up lol 

Sorry for rambling. I don't really talk too much about this stuff online. Thanks for listening! Congratulations to you too!

**u/spahghetti** (45 points)

That's when life comes and shits on you when you think you have it figured out.

**u/milk4all** (44 points)

I'm impressed you can check up on them at all. Double points for that, I'm a few years clean and I don't have a single working number for any of the circles I used to know, which is how it had to be with me, but I'm certain not many are alive and free. 10 years, congratulations champ

**u/dragonoutrider** (38 points)

Dude, he just got off drugs recently, he shouldn't be getting high when he just stopped

**u/Anwr_Odeh** (35 points)

Amazing ! 
I

**u/hjbuckley** (34 points)

Interesting

**u/wajmcc6** (29 points)

THIS right here!!!

I couldn't have said this any better!! Congratulations OP!! I don't know you but I am so proud of you for throwing out what you found!! That takes alot of strength especially not being off it that long!! Keep up the good work!! 

Here's some poor man's gold 

👏💰💛🌟⭐🏆🥇🏅🎖️
