# This asshole in an SUV honked at me and flipped me off because I was driving slow in the snow this morning. About 15 minutes later I caught up to him - he spun off the road and was sideways in a ditch. I drove past him and slowed down just enough so he could see me laughing at him.

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/[deleted]  
**Score:** 23,294  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/bblzyz/this_asshole_in_an_suv_honked_at_me_and_flipped/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/D-Anonimous** (2,802 points)

Gotta love karma

**u/sherf04** (1,163 points)

apparently everyone on reddit does

**u/mntnbkr** (890 points)

Had  a guy tailgating me while I was driving just a bit over the speed limit on a 2 lane road.  He was obviously frustrated when I slowed down to the speed limit in a school zone and he passed me in a no passing zone.   It was a group of kids in the car.  As luck would have it, a few turns later I happened across them again, but this time they were pulled over, and I assume they were being ticketed.  I honked and waved on my way past.

**u/CreativeThought88** (423 points)

Same thing happened to me, except the driver literally hit and killed a kid crossing the street across from the elementary school.  He was charged with vehicular manslaughter and was sent to prison.  It was on the local news.

**u/Type7F** (367 points)

I think even Jesus would approve.

**u/non-member** (347 points)

Had a Jeep driver do the to me a few years ago....  I stopped and we chatted for a moment...  he was panicked because he couldn’t afford a tow truck as he’d spent the last of his money on a new set of mud tires.  He asked if I could pull him lose, told him my truck was more than capable but that I didn’t help tailgating horn honking high beam flashing idiots that passed in no passing zones...  then got in my truck and left.  The look on his face was priceless.

**u/TheArmoryOne** (273 points)

I wonder why

**u/vbfronkis** (225 points)

I've done exactly this. I had a guy in a Jeep tailgating me in the snow one day. He went ripping around me across a double yellow. He hit a pole about a mile up the road. I literally stopped, got out, laughed at him, and left. He wasn't happy.

**u/Virtual_Hornet** (222 points)

&gt;One day you're late to a specialist appointment it took you weeks to book

If it took weeks to book, you should leave yourself an extra 15-30 mins. 

Poor time management isn't an excuse to endanger others. 

"The $75.00 cancellation fee means more to me than other people's lives" isn't a valid argument.

**u/quasimoomoo** (183 points)

Did you do a little wave?

Should def do a little wave in these situations. And make sure your smile is "Jeremey Clarkson smug face" level.

**u/10jesus** (180 points)

Can confirm.

**u/instamentai** (171 points)

One day you're late to a specialist appointment it took you weeks to book, the next you're serving 6 years. But hey, that's life!

**u/ImmortanSkab** (167 points)

Should’ve said that then helped. Lead by example but fuck me that had to be satisfying

**u/E_Raja** (161 points)

Internet points mean people like me, and  knowing that, id kill for it.

**u/Marquetan** (151 points)

Guess

**u/5k1895** (106 points)

Imagining you doing this as Nelson from the Simpsons.

*Gets out of car*

"HAW HAW"

*Leaves*

**u/TSwizzlesNipples** (92 points)

Eventually you can exchange karma for a Made In China sticker.

**u/non-member** (87 points)

It felt good...  and we went back an hour later to check on the poor fucker...  two other jeeps were trying unsuccessfully to pull him out...  lol

**u/TrivialAntics** (53 points)

See, I would have stopped to help him. That would've really made him feel like an asshole.

**u/whatthewhat15** (47 points)

always nice when karma works as intended.

**u/Kingo_Slice** (47 points)

Stop, I can only get so erect

**u/eros_bittersweet** (47 points)

Bro, have you ever heard of the Good Samaritan? Jesus would be so kind to that poor asshole that he'd have an emotional breakdown, completely lose all sense of personal identity, and change his life forever. In other words, Jesus would enact the ultimate revenge.

**u/gigalongdong** (47 points)

Do you have the awesome power of ten whole jesuses?

**u/Tarrachal** (46 points)

Whoa there, kind Satan!
