# I used to pay my middle school bully not to bully me then I found out he actually needed the money

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/Otter_theGreat  
**Score:** 22,287  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/a29kdx/i_used_to_pay_my_middle_school_bully_not_to_bully/  

---

He made my life a living hell. He would turn all the boys in class against me and bully me about my eyebrows. One time he begged me to buy him pizza and said he promises not to bully me all week if i do. So I bought him a box of pizza and he fulfilled his promise. I loved the idea. I began to do it on a regular basis. I started asking him every Friday what he wants next week so that the bullying doesn't happen again. He asked for 2 bags of hot fries (a potato chip flavor here in the US) and another time he wanted some milk from the cafeteria. And once he asked for colored pencils for art class. 

My school had a uniform dress code. It was $25 per shirt and the pants were $15, if I remember correctly. He showed up the first day of 8th grade in regular clothes, a tee and jeans. So he got sent to the main office to wait for his parents. My aunt was there because she used to drop off my lunch and hand me money to buy food after school. She saw him upset and asked what's wrong and he starts crying lightly. His parents wouldn't come because they couldn't afford the uniform and decided it would be best to avoid the situation. After my aunt hands me my lunch, she buys him a uniform hoodie, a couple of tees, and a long sleeve. He said he had pants at home and he was hesitant to accept but eventually took them and thanked her. 

Now (13 years later) he runs a nonprofit that has something to do with kids receiving books. I think it's sweet and I forgive him for being a bully because he didn't grow up to be an a-hole like most bullies. 
 

Edit: Thank you for all the nice comments!! There's too many to keep up with and reply to, which is sweet!

Edit: My first gold silver and platinum! Thank you!!!

---

## Top Comments

**u/sharkiness** (1,918 points)

Thank you for granting the forgiveness to your bully that I cannot seem to give to mine. I know it's toxic to hold the grudge I do, but I guess that some things that I let go of are destined to be covered in claw marks.

**u/Otter_theGreat** (1,749 points)

Don't get me wrong. Being poor does not dismiss someones bullying. I only forgive him because he is the complete opposite of a bully today.

**u/Otter_theGreat** (1,076 points)

Nope, and not for any reason. Although I forgive him, he still bullied me so I don't want to approach him. He was in my Senior class in high school and didn't acknowledge me then. I don't find any good reason to contact him.

**u/ValerianTeal** (1,026 points)

Have you had any contact with him?

**u/Fire_Fist-Ace** (887 points)

For real i want to tag some wholesome reddit but i suck at that shit

**u/quixoticopal** (744 points)

So many kids who bully others do so because they are so damaged and hurt in some way. It is absolutely heartbreaking as a teacher to see from all sides.

**u/Otter_theGreat** (545 points)

I'm a mental health therapist who gets school bullies as clients all the time and now that I'm an adult I understand that bullying is trauma based. I still do not expect victims of bullying to look at the bully and think that what they are doing excuses them because they are broken people. Behavior, in this situation, is a choice and the results of trauma are a perspective. I'm rambling but that's only because I didn't want people to think I'm okay that he bullied me because he's poor. I forgive him for who he is today.

**u/IndistinguishableBob** (281 points)

The same reason why I forgave the people who made high school life hell. They’ve become better people.

**u/beast512512** (278 points)

The fuck did I just read

**u/1kSupport** (242 points)

I think a good reason would be because you've seen how he has changed and forgiven him. Don't get me wrong it could be super awkward, but on the off chance that the memories still burden him I think he would really apriciate it. You don't owe it to him, but it could be a good experience.

**u/Kona2012** (231 points)

r/wholesome

**u/ArcticShep** (187 points)

I think that would be nice of OP but I feel like it’s more on the bully to reach out to OP to say sorry. Then OP could offer forgiveness. Like I said it would be nice but it’s certainly not on OP to do anything

**u/archangelsidekick** (130 points)

This is both sad AND uplifting.

**u/nonresidentialdot** (120 points)

It started as a normal comment but it went downhill so fast

**u/Pm_Full_Tits** (96 points)

There was a dude that would harass me on my way to school when I was in elementary/junior high. He did absolutely horrid things (in my mind) that threatened my life - tried to run me over with a lawn mower, shot pellet guns at me, one time he swung a machete at me (more waving it around, but he seemed serious about it). All because I would walk on the edge of the grass of his lawn (there were no sidewalks on that street).  


After a couple times I avoided his house, but he would find me on occasion during the lunch break and try to beat me up (me and my friends would chase eachother around so I got good at literally running away from him). After a year or so he went to a different school, never saw him again.  


I think 2 years ago now, he committed suicide. Every single person I went to school with were suddenly talking about how great of a person he was and how gentle and kind and etc etc. Personally, I think the world is better off without him in it - whether or not his upbringing was shitty enough to push him to what he did (I am aware of what a shitty childhood can do). I'll likely never forgive him  


Not super relevant but I feel like it's the only time I'll be able to talk about this

**u/Otter_theGreat** (96 points)

At first, I was reading his comment with awe, but i'm not sure what happened with him lol

**u/clarkeside** (66 points)

Hey don’t feel bad. Sucking at something is the first step to being sort of good at something after all. And for the future, so you know, just type out the subreddit you want to link starting with r/ and it auto links for you! Just make sure the ‘r’ isn’t capitalized.

**u/UpstreamInk** (53 points)

It’s amazing what an apricot penis will do to your writing skills.

**u/Sealouz** (52 points)

I mean this dont belong in r/confessions... its too wholesome

**u/chitditch** (48 points)

:(

**u/sumaclover** (45 points)

In a way, you guys saved a good person from becoming a lost cause. He had potential for good and first, you made him see that being bad doesn’t pay, and your aunt showed him the value of being good. Thank you for saving the society one more in-and-out-of-the-system criminal and contributing to the creation of a charitable, good individual!

**u/chuckit7642** (45 points)

Definitely sad. The boy begged for pizza, so it makes me think that he wasn’t getting much food at home or he was on the “poverty diet.” I’ve been there. My family and I ate sardines and white rice for months. Sometimes we had fried eggs and white rice. Sometimes instant noodles. We were grateful to get free lunch at school.

**u/Justokmemes** (44 points)

i second this OP
