# My GF said I am not affectionate enough, so now I treat her like my dog

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/THIS_IS_4PORN  
**Score:** 21,589  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/a0ar9r/my_gf_said_i_am_not_affectionate_enough_so_now_i/  

---

I rarely show emotion. I’m very reserved and level headed so my emotions, whether positive or negative, rarely spike too much. But, I love my dog. More than anything or anyone. She gets more life and emotion of of me than anyone.

My GF recently sat me down and told me she needs more affection. She knows I don’t wear my emotions, and that generally includes her even though she knows I love her. I’m not handsy, I kiss her when appropriate, and let her know I love her when appropriate.

Since that talk, I’ve been thinking of my affection for her like I do my dog. I get super excited to see her like my dog does when I get home. My dog constantly wants scratches so I always rub her shoulders or play with her hair or have my hand on her thigh. I love when my dog gets kissy and playful so I get kissy and playful with my GF in the same way. My dog loves when I give her a new toy or treat so I have little gifts and snacks to give to her when the mood strikes.

WHAT A DIFFERENCE. My GF loves it. And it’s easy for me because I literally just treat her like my dog, but without the baby voice. It’s renewed our passion and she is so, so happy and can’t understand how I turned my emotions around so easily.

TL;DR - GF wanted more affection. I just do the things to her that I do to my dog, because I love my dog more.

---

## Top Comments

**u/thissimulationsucks** (17,266 points)

Not calling OP a sociopath, but this is definitely a life hack for sociopaths

**u/mybuttchuck** (9,154 points)

I thought this was going in a different direction.

**u/NeitherKale3** (5,259 points)

You should probably keep this comparison to yourself, lol.

**u/hathdick** (4,944 points)

I showed my boyfriend this and now he keeps going “wanna get snacks?” “Need to go potty?” Fml 😂

**u/Red_Jester-94** (4,920 points)

"Whose a good girlfriend? Whose a good girlfriend? You are! That's right, you are!" *Scratches girlfriends head and belly.*

Edit: Thanks guys. This is now my most upvoted comment, and thanks for the silver random dude.

Also I realize it's Who's, but I'm leaving it.

**u/ntr_usrnme** (4,627 points)

Or somebody with aspbergers.

**u/BishItsPranjal** (3,939 points)

LEARN HOW THIS MAN TURNED HIS RELATIONSHIP AROUND! COUPLE THERAPISTS HATE HIM!

**u/Psyk0Tripp** (2,670 points)

BITCHES LOVE HIM!

**u/UnvaccinatedAutist** (2,354 points)

Sniff his butt.

**u/FriedCockatoo** (1,975 points)

As someone with Asperger's-- this actually helps a lot ... 

Have had several friends get mad because I couldn't read them or react the way they wanted me to. Therapist told me to react to bad news, even if it's not that bad, like they told me their dog got stabbed. 

"I just got dumped by my bf" 
"What? Omg noooo"  instead of what I had been reacting with like

"I just got dumped by my bf"
"Ok? Why do I need that info?"

**u/itzarel** (1,946 points)

Lol sounds more like you’re acting like your dog than treating your GF like one. To each his own I guess.

**u/THIS_IS_4PORN** (1,864 points)

https://m.imgur.com/OHWHItE

**u/THIS_IS_4PORN** (945 points)

Lifehack away! If it spreads more love, I’m all for it.

And I definitely considered that in the past... but I am just reserved and I prioritize logic over emotion

**u/mc_louds** (902 points)

Classic!  I can totally relate.  
My wife eventually convinced me to stop replying to things by saying “irrelevant”, which I had always thought was an efficient way of letting people know their statement was not relevant to me.

**u/bobbybox** (767 points)

Okay, Spock.

**u/YourWaifu420** (702 points)

I'm also not very affectionate, and my boyfriend had the same complaint. He actually told me he was jealous of how I talk to my dog. So now I tell both of them, "Who's a good boy?!" in the cute baby voice.

**u/datsraycists** (570 points)

you are now a mod of /r/ageplaying

**u/MzzBlaze** (568 points)

I love how it’s clear you have no tact at all, but she loves you because of/despite of it, but still is trying to teach you better ways to communicate with others.

**u/wherearemyeyes** (520 points)

That's exactly how I interpreted it. The headline should've been "I act like my dog towards my gf" lol.

**u/meinfuhrer69** (518 points)

Good for you man, finding a way to show your emotions in a manner that you’re comfortable with. In a while it’ll get natural to show affection :)

**u/CSPmyHart** (476 points)

I'm glad that your wife convicted you of that but just wanted to let you know that I absolutely lost my mind at this. Just the thought of someone blankly saying "irrelevant" when someone is venting to you or something like that got me. Thanks for that, I needed a good laugh today.

Edit: I know it says convicted but I find it funny so I'm leaving it.

**u/EMPWIRE** (459 points)

&gt;I prioritize logic over emotion

ahahahahahahahah

**u/banditkeithwork** (424 points)

irrelevant.

**u/luck_panda** (421 points)

It's not sociopathic. It's just learned communication. I'm willing to bet that, and this is assuming this is all real, OP probably had a household upbringing where he didn't learn much in terms of communicating their affection from their parents. Maybe their parents didn't love each other. Maybe they didn't know how to show it. But this isn't how sociopathy works. He is learning how affection is communicated straight from another source.

**u/alexCDG** (392 points)

Does that imgur url say "oh white"
