# Today, my next door pregnant neighbor knocked on my door.

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/jaiga99  
**Score:** 20,869  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/8f91ny/today_my_next_door_pregnant_neighbor_knocked_on/  

---

Around 7 pm today, I heard some knocking on my door. I opened it and it was my next door pregnant neighbor (she was, I think, in her 7th or 8th month). She was holding a small plate in her hand. In a very shy voice, she asked me if I can give her some of what ever I was cooking because she liked the smell. I think pregnant women sometimes have strong cravings and they can not resist it.

 Anyway, She was shy and apologized a lot for her request since we don’t know each other. I laughed and told her it is ok :). I was cooking a traditional meal from my country and the recipe has olive oil, garlic, jalapeños and some spices. I think the smell was nice. I gave her some of my dinner then she left.

I Watched her walking home like a cute little penguin who’s happy with her successful little hunting 🙂 I felt really happy too for some reason.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Arevola** (4,883 points)

This is so cute

**u/Flippindewd** (3,510 points)

My mom said in Iranian villages it's a custom that if a pregnant woman smells something cooking down the street and craves it, she knocks on the door and the people offer her some of the food :)

**u/yokayla** (2,447 points)

This is precious! You should offer to host them for a dinner party or something - make friends with your neighbours. :)

**u/MagneticMarbles** (1,699 points)

As an extremely postpartum mama, I appreciate this story. It makes me cry because it reminds me of how nice everyone was to me while I was pregnant. Offering food, and carrying things for me. I love this person.

**u/sneakysoap** (1,374 points)

It can be completely overwhelming when you get those pregnancy cravings. Nothing in that moment is as important as what is needed.  It was very sweet of you to share.

**u/jaiga99** (1,297 points)

You are right :)

**u/beavernuggets** (1,117 points)

I have to confess I went through your post history and have to say you are the sweetest human being! You are doing a fantastic job learning English and I really hope you got that hug you needed so badly when times were tough. Don’t ever change who you are. You’re amazing!

**u/Lovemesometoasts** (807 points)

That is awesome tbh

**u/Britnorm114** (772 points)

this is the type of community I want to be pregnant in.

**u/jaiga99** (651 points)

Ya and I was eating my dinner with a big smile on my face :)

**u/isleofwrite** (562 points)

Well, the only thing to do is be that nice to someone during *their* pregnancy :)

**u/buffalobuttcheeks** (523 points)

If you can, you could also make her a frozen batch so if she craves it again it's right there.

She was brave to ask and it's not easy being a people carrier! Nice of you to share 👍

**u/fullmoonalien** (490 points)

Im crying because this is wholesome and so adorable. 

Penguin!!!

**u/jaiga99** (465 points)

Hahahahahah, she was little short with big tummy :) she looked like a cute penguin walking around lol

**u/jaiga99** (447 points)

Thank you :)

**u/AniviaPls** (443 points)

Not sure you wanna be pregnant in Iran lol

**u/Insert2Quarters** (384 points)

Soooo, give us the recipe!

**u/Villevalo1987** (366 points)

No one was this nice to me during my pregnancy :(

**u/Britnorm114** (276 points)

I mean the food sharing community. Not the region or location. I've been involved with an Iranian family and I know it's not a desirable place lol.

**u/RUfuqingkiddingme** (228 points)

The sense of smell is heightened during pregnancy, along with the food cravings, she just couldn't resist! That's a sweet story, nice of you to share.

**u/MagneticMarbles** (225 points)

Well get pregnant again and I will send you food!

**u/Shadow703793** (206 points)

&gt;  it's not easy being a people carrier

Well yeah, but at least it's easier than being an aircraft carrier.

**u/Sugiora** (205 points)

Not even all heroes wear capes, you my friend, uses a chef's hat

**u/neoshagrath** (157 points)

~~I wish you and your baby great health!~~

Edit: I wish liars misfortune for every upvote they get.

**u/Villevalo1987** (151 points)

Already done! Lol 3 months pregnant. I’ve been keeping it quiet just in case there’s something wrong. Still my only family besides my husband is my mom n stepdad and they act indifferent. No friends either.
