# I am my girlfriends first and only customer

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/SGJones94  
**Score:** 20,210  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/b3sxsa/i_am_my_girlfriends_first_and_only_customer/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/angedorable** (1,634 points)

Whats her etsy? I'd like to buy something!

**u/MuvHugginInc** (886 points)

If OP doesn’t come with the link, are we pulling out the pitchforks and assuming this was a karma grab?

**u/SGJones94** (799 points)

I have managed to sneak a photo of her currently working...
https://imgur.com/a/uNWTiWk

**u/Shivery123** (659 points)

Hey, her designs aren't bad at all and may interest many people.

&amp;#x200B;

I think that she should open an Instagram account and make some ads, really not difficult and may bring some clients to her. Just saying as I'm a developper from an e-commerce solution and so I can say that is REALLY important (Instagram should be more accurate than Facebook, Instagram users are kind of more sensitive to art). Most of good shops I see are using ads and it brings a huge number of people, it will first increase her traffic and her average basket

&amp;#x200B;

She should also open her really own shop, using shopify or PrestaShop or whatever, it's really easy to use, usually not really expensive and may add a real plus value to her work. I like that flat design and a lot of people do too.

&amp;#x200B;

Also, apologize if my gramme ain't so good, I'm French :)

&amp;#x200B;

Edit : Bought the balloon one, made me laught lol

Edit 2 : Thank you for the silver !

**u/JacedFaced** (292 points)

This is wholesome and amazing and exactly what I needed to read today.

**u/idkidc69** (271 points)

This dude is going to get his dick sucked clean off his body later

**u/BiblicalGodlike** (257 points)

You gotta update us with her reaction after she sells a ton of stuff to us redditors!

**u/ShakenNotStirred915** (256 points)

What designs does your girlfriend make? I'd like to see!

**u/SGJones94** (209 points)

Digital wallpapers mainly but she wants to get into doing commissioned work eventually. I have edited the Etsy in!

**u/SGJones94** (200 points)

I used grandparents old address, as you're right she might of caught on seeing as we live together!

**u/SGJones94** (178 points)

Thank you for your advice, I personally haven't heard of the websites you listed before! I'll make sure to pass it on after she has chilled a little bit!

**u/SGJones94** (167 points)

I have added it to the post, you guys are unreal!

**u/HamstersWillRise** (138 points)

Oh fuck off dude

**u/[deleted]** (135 points)

How does she not know your address?

**u/EternalCharax** (132 points)

Fuck it. bought one of everything and favourited the store

**u/Z0mbieKitten** (113 points)

I think her designs are so cute and she's really nice. I asked her if she was willing to revise one of the wallpapers to be a phone wallpaper so I could buy it for my phone and she was!

**u/SGJones94** (83 points)

She is so excited to make a start on that for you... guess I won't be seeing her until the weekend now! Haha

**u/BiblicalGodlike** (79 points)

Same. And leave a 5 star review.

**u/[deleted]** (78 points)

SO CLEVER!!!!! I tried to do this once to one of my best friends and they caught on right away bc I genuinely loved hearing about her Etsy shop. 😭  ( she didn’t know my address and I made a different email address just for this mission)

**u/SGJones94** (76 points)

That was you! She was trying to figure out how you managed to get the total to what it was.

I can't thank you enough!

**u/Camil231** (71 points)

Me too

**u/JacedFaced** (69 points)

Seriously. This asshat acts like this guy is gaslighting his girlfriend instead of doing his best to boost her self confidence.

**u/normanleer1972** (65 points)

If you've ever seen the movie "Phenomenon," with John Travolta, you're "buying her chairs."  Word of advice: keep this secret to your grave: it will be a complicated mix of emotions she will have if you tell her it's you, and it might not turn out to be the romantic gesture you intend.  

Just advice from an old romantic who's made mistakes.

**u/Jordan_Taikuri** (64 points)

[( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)](https://i.imgur.com/mAIski7.jpg)
