# Accidentally got with a girl with a penis..

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/[deleted]  
**Score:** 20,110  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/ahmivi/accidentally_got_with_a_girl_with_a_penis/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/2TrainMemez** (18,947 points)

Reddit niggas know too much

**u/Crunchy-Leaf** (12,212 points)

Was it bigger than yours

**u/Bassinyowalk** (11,710 points)

&gt;360 change

This explains it.

**u/Moluwuchan** (8,543 points)

Hormones (presuming she was on hormones) actually pretty dtrastically change the genitals. A penis on estrogen often becomes smother, softer and a bit smaller. Semen from a girl dick is clear and liqiud-y, and taste sweeter.

**u/ILoveDon123** (7,642 points)

How did you decide whose penis opened up for the other ones penis?

**u/MischiefMutt** (5,036 points)

Gonna see her again?

**u/betigotsumweeeed** (4,092 points)

Sex is sex.  If you find each other attractive and everyone consents, have at it.  No need to care about labels or what it means. You had a wild and fun hookup. Good on ya.

**u/arayapunshine** (2,758 points)

^asking the important questions

**u/looselipscauzwars** (2,574 points)

God bless Reddit today and everyday. Waiting in a checkout line has never been so good.

**u/401LocalsOnly** (2,440 points)

Exactly. Went right back to being a woman again.

**u/LifeExplorer64** (2,382 points)

I've heard lots of stories about guys not knowing she was a guy...but this is the first one I've heard where he continued with the encounter once he found out...interesting

**u/CWKimbo** (2,185 points)

This comment section is a mess.

**u/Sir_TactiCat** (1,827 points)

I usually rock-paper-scisors (one and done), winner get to chose who's penis does what

**u/mattayo06** (1,750 points)

At least you were a gent n reciprocated

**u/Supernova1939** (1,460 points)

Top ten anime plot twist.

**u/MegaUltraJesus** (1,345 points)

Ew wtf??


It's best of three or nothing dude that's sick

Edit: I know it's pretty cliche but I cant believe my top comment ever is about rock paper scissors to decide whom gets to dock whom

**u/[deleted]** (1,319 points)

Or blow too much

**u/honchoforeign** (1,224 points)

the real question is did you keep the numberrr haaannnnn

&amp;#x200B;

**u/TFS_Sierra** (1,218 points)

“Why are gay dudes even a thing girls got buttholes too”

**u/KiranSD** (1,198 points)

Tattoo artist of my mates told me when we were at a pub that he got with this girl on a night out, was having a good time and went back to his. Comes to undressing and she’s got a dick (smaller he claimed) so he just flipped her over and fucked up the arse.

**u/glowcap** (1,062 points)

Glad this worked out for her and the OP, but seems like a high risk maneuver on her part. Going home with a straight guy and doing that might not have been a happy ending

**u/Plate_Man** (1,050 points)

Nah he just watched the contra points video came out like 2 days ago

**u/sah_000** (965 points)

I think the technical term is 'dumpster fire'

**u/meganthekitten** (846 points)

SAY IT LOUDER FOR THE PEOPLE IN THE BACK
