# I quit Facebook so I would stop wasting time staring at my phone. I now spend more time on Reddit then I ever have on Facebook.

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/grassisgreena  
**Score:** 18,280  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/8alaxt/i_quit_facebook_so_i_would_stop_wasting_time/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Mila999** (2,321 points)

same. But at least I dont get distracted or annoyed by people I vaguely know and reminded of all the things Im missing out on.

**u/Jackie149** (1,049 points)

Did I write this?

**u/grassisgreena** (593 points)

Did I write this?

**u/das2121** (445 points)

Did I write this?

**u/rebeccalul** (401 points)

I am slowly coming off of Facebook for Reddit. Reddit is so much better.

**u/LoganE23** (367 points)

I mostly browse Reddit on my phone now and it says I’ve spent 9 hours here in the past 7 days. Facebook doesn’t even show up once. 

Facebook kinda stopped being a thing for me and most of my friends years ago when it stopped being a fun and somewhat closed off digital version of your extended “tribe” and instead became a link/article aggregator, except with zero organization or quality control. It feels too “open” now and my feed is nothing but shared articles about things I don’t care for rather than status updates and tagged pics from my friends like it used to be. It doesn’t feel personalized and social anymore. I don’t care to delete mine, but I rarely use it or update it whereas I was a heavy user before.

Reddit can be a waste of time, but you probably  passively learn a lot of things and it’s a lot less negative than other sites if you manage your subs.

**u/burnSMACKER** (338 points)

Did I write this?

**u/Ihavetwobucks** (322 points)

When I first downloaded Reddit on my phone, I figured maybe I'd get some good memes and some cool stories to read on askreddit and whatnot (I used to read them via college humor on facebook). I had no idea that I would literally spend hours just reading through COMMENTS on some thread to the point where I actually forget what the fucking post even was. 10/10

**u/ican_handle_the_funk** (220 points)

I so agree.  I got tired of wondering about my neighbors and casual friends and didn’t like what I saw in the vaguely known people.  We noped off fb last summer based on that and the obvious negative impact it has had on American politics.  So now I spend my time here, where I don’t know all of these people and can easier ignore the negative things people say. However the negative impact on American politics also plays out here pretty strongly as well.

**u/im-pickle-riiicck** (198 points)

Did I write this?

**u/Daniiiiii** (187 points)

There will be a comment soon enough saying Reddit is shit and Reddit is just as bad as other social media. My only take is that Reddit is what you make of it (for the most part). If you run into assholes on Reddit then you are probably on a major sub debating shit that's been debated for years ~~ad hominem~~ ad nauseam. There are subs and ways to Reddit where you don't run into dicks.

**u/reubengoh** (185 points)

I did the exact same thing in January this year and found myself loving reddit so much more. 

I have found more rabbit holes in reddit than I did before, all of which are super interesting and more beneficial. Still prefer this to Facebook!

**u/scootypebbles** (176 points)

These threads where everyone says the same thing are really fucking stupid.

**u/wetnax** (130 points)

9 hours a week? Those are rookie numbers!

**u/CHAOTIC98** (107 points)

Didn't I write this ?

**u/sssugartitshan** (95 points)

My boyfriend got me into Reddit and it has taken over my life. So many upvotes on floofy cats.

**u/Squawp** (94 points)

Yea, they can fuck right off with that.  What makes Reddit great is anonymity.  Remove that and we have another profile driven, garbage social media platform for individuals to publicly glorify their bullshit/ego.

**u/snorklecake** (86 points)

Did you write this?

**u/[deleted]** (84 points)

I think the common thing I find among people who complain about the quality of their Facebook feed is that they spent years friending every single human being they've ever had an interaction with, which has turned their feed into a disaster zone.

If you keep your Facebook friend list to you actual friends and family you care about (and maybe mute some of your nutjob family members that you "have" to stay friends with), it's really a fine experience.

**u/eXDax** (69 points)

Comparing Reddit to social media is comparing apples to oranges. Reddit isn't social media, Reddit is a forum hub. They're intrinsically different.

**u/newwaste90210** (64 points)

You wrote this.

**u/the_iFriend** (62 points)

Did I write this?

**u/chingdoesntfart** (53 points)

Why didn't i write this

**u/merubin** (48 points)

I think they're trying to make it into somewhat of a hybrid with the new profile page and stuff
