# I Hate The Plus Size Community Now That I Am Getting Thin

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/thisdumbshitagain  
**Score:** 18,088  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/bnpxln/i_hate_the_plus_size_community_now_that_i_am/  

---

Edit: Some people have asked so here is a link to my before and after. It is a little NSFW to show fat loss so please keep that in mind when viewing: [https://imgur.com/4rAFNPp](https://imgur.com/4rAFNPp)

Edit Edit:

Some people don't think I'm real so here is another photo of me wearing the same pair of shorts. The timeline is way shorter in these so the change isn't as dramatic: [https://imgur.com/QUKWy4Q](https://imgur.com/QUKWy4Q)

&amp;#x200B;

Throwaway because I'm sure I will get relentlessly attacked for this.

&amp;#x200B;

I want to start by saying I am someone who is a plus size model(or have been at least). I'm a huge believer in the body positive movement, meaning every body is beautiful and should be treated with respect. HOWEVER

&amp;#x200B;

I'm tired of the plus size community. I've been hearing fatphobia thrown around a lot and even at me for losing weight and posting progress photos saying I was embarrassed about how my body looking before. 1)No one else is allowed to dictate how I felt about my own body. That's extremely controlling to try and tell me how I felt. 2)People are acting like the body positive movement isn't rooted in shame. There is a reason it exists 3) Everyone is embarrassed about some part of their body at some point in their life. If someone says they haven't been that's a lie. I hope people who don't like the size of their titties don't get this much grief. 4)I literally only get called fatphobic when I am getting in shape. People never get aggressive when I'm larger and talk about feeling insecure. Why is it suddenly fatphobic when I'm working to change the things I feel bad about?

&amp;#x200B;

On top of this I find that many women in the plus size community take to making fun of thin women or claim that only plus size bodies are "real bodies." I want to point out that this is not body positivity. Just like some overweight women cannot lose weight, there are some thin women that cannot gain weight and statements like this are damaging to them. Some people get very ill and are thin because of it.

&amp;#x200B;

Anyways. That's my rant. I've recently lost 45 pounds and I'm happy as fuck about it. I feel healthier and look better and I'm sick of plus women giving me shit about it.

---

## Top Comments

**u/didntstarthefire** (2,644 points)

I’ve seen a lot of shaming of Ashley Graham as she’s lost weight! It’s horrible because she works out and just wants to be healthy and people destroy her for it. 

Whether we like it or not, obesity is a health condition. I’m not fatphobic and I think ALL bodies deserve respect but I really admire those who take their health into their own hands

**u/PandawithaBanana** (892 points)

It has become a toxic community in some ways for sure. I have yo-yod the last decade going from size 18 to 6 back to a 12 (health issues causing weight gain). I lost friends when losing weight because they were bigger too and couldn't handle that I was no longer in denial on how happy I was with my body. I wasn't preachy with them but they would ask how I did it and I would answer (healthy eating and exercise they didn't like the answer)


I have no problem with body positivity! But it doesn't mean if I want to be healthier and happier I am a bad person. Same with anyone else or naturally skinny women. Jealousy and defensiveness does not look good on anyone no matter your size.

**u/sommahliar** (610 points)

I saw her and her husband recently out and about in my city going on a late night walk uphill.  Everyone else out partying, and she’s getting her steps in!

**u/LazyNetflix** (360 points)

You know what's funny about that? People harass thinner celebrities when they put on any amount of weight. It's like people aren't allowed to struggle, or triumph, or change in any way.

**u/Tyreos29** (314 points)

To add to how sexist this whole thing is. As a male, I am rarely met with negativity when talking about my weight loss. I went from borderline obese to the lower end of normal weight for my size.

Good on you. Do what makes you happy.

**u/didntstarthefire** (286 points)

Proud of her! She really prioritizes health and wellness. In her book she’s spoken about how people get angry with her if she loses any weight accidentally

**u/kaylikesalatte** (205 points)

I consider myself plus sized but I guess I’m considered more “chubby” and are on the “smaller” side of plus sized (14) which is alright but I find that a lot of online plus sized communities, (not really on the subreddit here imo, but ESPECIALLY on Instagram) are really restrictive about who they consider “plus sized” and who deserves to be a part of that community. I saw one girl whose a pretty popular fat activist on IG literally post something along the lines of “if you’re loosing weight simply for the aesthetic purposes, you’re fat-phobic” like WHAt?!? Depending on your relationship with your body, loosing weight might be the best option if you’re feeling bad about yourself and your image- and sometimes, it’s not even about just that. 

Good job with your weight loss journey, and don’t listen to what any idiot has to say about you and your body.

**u/jimmiepop** (203 points)

Excellent work and progress! 

Basic human nature. Like crabs in a bucket, they want to pull you right back down to their level. 

In the "fat loss" community, everyone who has achieved any success has at least one story of being shamed and/or undermined.  The culprits include family and close friends, the very people one might expect to rely upon during a highly challenging self improvement project. Supportive behavior, on the contrary, is exceptional and rare.  

Improving oneself often entails developing new, supportive relationships. And allowing those that no longer serve to simply fade.

Do you. Fuck the haters.

**u/thisdumbshitagain** (123 points)

sorry not Ashley lol

**u/dniwehtotnoituac** (119 points)

It's because it makes them feel insecure about themselves. One of the reasons people flock to such celebrities is to validate their views, their beliefs, who they are as a whole. Weight is one such thing for some of them, so they see weight changes as an attack on their person.

They don't care about the person. They care about what that person represents in their mind. This sort of dehumanization is downright filthy.

**u/thisdumbshitagain** (118 points)

I have totally noticed this too.

**u/Austinswill** (107 points)

im gonna earn some downvotes here...  ( even though I was once 80+ lbs overweight)

There is no such thing as a "fat person" that cannot lose weight.  This very idea is nothing but a lie to give some fat people something to hide behind.  It might be a bit more difficult for some... they may have to exercise a bit more and deprive themselves of unhealthy food more... but it is far far from impossible.  There is no human alive that can defy the laws of physics.  No fat person starves to death.

That is a fact.  

So any large people reading this that have accepted the bullshit notion that your body chemistry simply will not allow you to lose weight need to toss that into the garbage bin right now.

**u/Phylar** (103 points)

With due respect, if you are FAT, to not use the politically correct term, and unhealthy, then you need to do something about it. Health conditions are health conditions, no amount of accepting your body will do anything about that. Feel good in your body, feel good in yourself, accept the reality that obesity is dangerous.

I'm overweight myself and think of this all the time. So, in an attempt to fight it, I have started up a 16/8 fasting period and have begun to drop my caloric intake during my on period. Once I have control of my intake I will begin working out.

It isn't easy, it isn't meant to be. Being healthy takes work, bashing others is just an attempt at seeking reinforcement for a potentially dangerous condition. As I said, be happy, be proud, be *aware*.

**u/honestlyimeanreally** (100 points)

I think it’s hilarious when people ask how you lost weight expecting it to be something *other* than eating healthy and exercise, like “no that can’t be it, that’s hard!”

**u/thisdumbshitagain** (98 points)

what you are quoting is EXACTLY what I am talking about. It's ridiculous

**u/ViperLegacy** (93 points)

Sounds like something Ashley would say 👀

**u/funktion** (89 points)

Don't let other people's insecurity invalidate your hard work. Do what works for you and be healthy. You're winning by not being them.

**u/wolfgirlnaya** (85 points)

It's "body positivity," not "fat positivity." People seem to forget that, when they're trying to build themselves up, they don't need to tear anyone down to do it.

I would be far more supportive of the body positivity movement if larger women didn't judge me so harshly for being a healthy weight. There are a million reasons that people feel self-conscious about their bodies. Fat is only one of them. It just happens to be one of the most prevalent and unhealthy ones.

**u/thisdumbshitagain** (79 points)

Nah, I wouldn't reveal my identity. I would get attacked by the plus community if anyone saw me make a statement like this. That's why I'm doing it as an anon

**u/didntstarthefire** (78 points)

Right? Like people calling Taylor Swift fat? Are you kidding me she just gained muscle and looks great!

**u/jverity** (76 points)

&gt;Why is it suddenly fatphobic when I'm working to change the things I feel bad about?

Because the people who are accusing you of this are lazy.  Plain and simple.  The more people lose weight, the fewer numbers the "fat is ok" movement has, and the more proof there is that it is possible to change if you are willing to put in the effort.  

No one should be made to feel bad about their bodies, but no one should be pretending that being medically obese is ok either.  The body positive movement has been half taken over by people who want to be told it's ok for them to be lazy and fat and people should still have to think they are beautiful that way no matter how unhealthy it is.  Those are the people you are dealing with now.  Like you say near the end, they pick on people who are too thin, which is equally unhealthy.  What makes it ok to shame an anorexic person in to eating but you can't tell a fat person to work out and eat less McDonalds?  Nothing.  Neither thing is ok.  Using shame to motivate people is wrong, and at the same time, ignoring how unhealthy it is and pretending that it's fine is wrong too.  But people who want everyone to think that being fat is still healthy and beautiful have latched on to this movement so they have to attack anything that runs counter to that.

**u/code988** (72 points)

Just prove that you aren't Ashley by saying something about your life that only the real Ashley wouldn't know

**u/YuliaXJ** (59 points)

Personally I agree with you! I do support all kind of women, plus sized or thin ones. But like you said, just because you are getting thin because you are working on your body because YOU want a change, it does not mean you don’t have a real body. Everyone is beautiful in their own way. I’m thin kinda (53kg) but I really hate my stomach even though everyone tells me that it looks good. If you don’t feel comfortable with a part of your body it’s okay for you to want to change it. It’s not okay for people to judge you for it. It’s your life. People should really start to mind their own business. Hope you’re okay! ❤️❤️❤️

**u/GraceFully2020** (59 points)

**Don't you dare do anything different with your body in case it causes someone else to feel insecure about their own self.**

**u/creative_toe** (57 points)

I love to be a woman, but sometimes I envy men for their not backstabbing community. Many men working in one place is seldom a problem, a workplace where there are only women is mostly a place of "talking bad about coworkers as soon as they leave the room". I became very careful with several only women communities.
