# My father has been paying me to have sex with him since I was a teenager but I ended it yesterday.

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/Gladitsover19  
**Score:** 17,955  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/boksz4/my_father_has_been_paying_me_to_have_sex_with_him/  

---

I have another Reddit account but I made this one last night because I'm beyond ashamed.


 My father sexually abused me from the time I was a little girl. I don't remember when he started touching me. That was just always a part of our relationship. I remember when he started having sex with me. I was young. He stopped for a few years. Maybe he was afraid he would get caught. He started again when I was around 13. He had sex with me in ways that would not get me pregnant most of the time. He never physically forced me. He would ask and beg. "Daddy loves you so much." "Please do this for daddy." "Daddy wants to make you feel good."

I was ashamed and I'm still humiliated by the fact that my body liked some of what he did to me. But I did not like it. Or want it. I began peeing the bed and having a hard time controlling my bladder in general. Everyone in my family made fun of me for it. Except him. I started acting out. Getting in trouble at school. Throwing temper tantrums. Becoming violent and aggressive. Stealing. Not coming home. Skipping school. Smoking weed and drinking. I was arrested a few times. I would get into screaming matches with my mom. She gave up on trying to deal with me. She decided to let my father handle me. She said he was the only one who could. His way of dealing with me was to have sex with me even when I cried while he was doing it.  I thought he was the only person who cared about me. That was one of the reasons it kept happening. I thought I was in a consensual sexual relationship with my father and I hated myself for it. What kind of girl let's her dad have sex with her?


At some point my father started paying me to behave. This escalated into him paying me for sex. I am ashamed of myself but it was the only way I would let him do it. I know how this seems but we were closer than anyone else is my family. My sisters and maybe even my mom to a certain extent were jealous because I was his favorite. And they and the rest of the family resented me for the few years of rebelliousness I put them through.

When I was 18, I told my mom. I won't go into detail but she didn't even ask him. She accused me of lying and has barely held a conversation with me since. I don't really have a relationship with the rest of my family because of this. My sister asked me what kind of girl wants to have sex with her father. Kind of like I used to ask myself how I could let him sleep with me. She asked me how I could do that to him. She said I broke his heart.

I've been back and forth in terms of success as an adult. I've had periods where I'm doing really well. But something always goes wrong and I end up destitute and needing money. My dad would offer me money in exchange for sex and I would do it. I push people away. I don't know how to have healthy relationships. I'm a loner. He's the only person who shows me kindness. I've been dealing with the shame and guilt and self loathing in exchange for money and what occasionally feels like love.

But yesterday I ended it. I had  literally been throwing up afterwards. I can't look at myself in the mirror. I lost my job a few months ago so it started again. But yesterday I got a new job. I had been telling myself I was going to wait until I started working or got paid, but when I told him I wasn't doing it anymore he said I should at least wait until I got paid. He said he knew I don't have any money and that he would give me some just because this time if I promised to come back until I got my first paycheck.


I hate myself but I hate him too. And I hated him so much when he said that that I could have killed him. And I told him. I told him I hate him. I told him that if he ever contacts me again, I'm going to the police if I don't kill him first. That maybe the rest of the family won't believe me, but his neighbors will hear about it and the people he works with. I told him I can't wait for him to die. I don't know if I can actually press charges but I just wanted it to stop.


My mother texted me last night and told me that everyone is done with me. She asked me to please leave them alone. So I'm alone and broke, still humiliated and ashamed, but I am done. I will never do that to myself again. I hate myself but I cannot live with myself if I let him touch  me again. I can't even write about this anymore I'm so disgusted.  My life is tolerable now that he's not in it. I'm disgusted with both of us but at least I ended it.

---

## Top Comments

**u/didntstarthefire** (5,624 points)

You were abused from the time you were a small child. I think you’re being too hard on yourself. Your dad should be in jail and you should report him. PLEASE report him. You also should seek trauma counseling. Just reading this was triggering, I can’t imagine living it


I know you blame yourself but always remember you are a victim and he is an ABUSER.

**u/laceyisanerd** (1,221 points)

This is such a DEEP confession and it’s extremely heartbreaking. I really don’t have any advice, I just want to tell you I’m so sorry that you’ve had to endure years of trauma and are now having that used against you by the ones who should be supporting you. You’re going to be okay, it might take awhile, but you’ll see there are good people out there. People who will care and love you for the person you are and not use and abuse you. None of that was love. I hope for lots of love and healing your way soon❤️

**u/velvelteen94** (1,173 points)

Please report him. He deserves to be punished for what he put through. Although, the court process is a long one. I understand why many don’t go to authorities because it’s like reliving the trauma. I also understand if this isn’t any option for you. OP you are not to blame!

**u/KarmaPharmacy** (769 points)

This isn’t, at all, your fault. I’m so sorry.

**u/actionboy21** (652 points)

For the love of all that is Holy PLEASE REPORT THIS SICK FUCK. OP, you have no reason to feel guilty. You were taken advantage of. Your "father" is not a very good one because no self-respecting man will tolerate this. Downvote this all you want, idc. He deserves a lot but at the least he needs to be put through the legal system. Not the best, but this one will make sure he isnt going to harm anyone else again.

**u/quinhyland** (388 points)

OP, please contact RAINN (800-656-HOPE). I am a childhood sexual abuse survivor. RAINN referred me to a local rape and crisis center where I received counseling for free.

**u/Syyx33** (364 points)

1. If your mother and sisters wont even give your accusations at least some consideration, they are cunts and you are better off without them.
2. The accusation is out there. They know what you accuse him off. The cracks will grow. Slowly maybe, but they will into a rift, and one day the moment comes for all of them. His shit will catch up to him eventually. (There is always the Police as well)
3. **FIND HELP.** Seriously, get into therapy, find someone who can aid you in your way out of your hole. You don't deserve to suffer through life alone and failing, just you have to live with the trauma of what was done to you. **FIND HELP.** If you can't find the strength (yet) to do it for yourself, then do it as a big *"F++k you!"* to your so called family.

**u/break_stuff** (272 points)

Why the fuck isn’t this the top comment..?

**u/jimmiepop** (248 points)

Excellent work, sister. You are a Bad Bitch. Cannot imagine the strength required to cut loose your primary emotional and financial support like that. Inspiring af. If you can do that, anything is possible. Wishing you much success in focusing positive and forward, and building a new support network for yourself. Much love.

**u/aonele** (228 points)

I, too, hope your father dies a terrible death. He’s an awful human being for what he put you through. None of this is your fault. Please consider getting therapy to help you work through this trauma.

**u/creative_toe** (180 points)

Yes, this should be. It's not about revenge, like the top comment, but about actually helping OP.

If you read this: Really, therapy is the way to go. My friend went though something similar (but not the same). It helped to realize that she was not alone. And that inf fact, she is the victim, even though her family thought her "boyfriend" (who abused her) was the victim. It helps so much when you can share experiences with someone who went through something similar and you realize they have the same fears, and having some professional confirm that you are the victim.

**u/Lady-Cassandra** (168 points)

If nothing else it will start a paper trail. There will be some record of the allegations on file if other victims come forward, ect. If you would abuse your own daughter I have a hard time believing you wouldn't abuse again.

**u/VonBjeer** (151 points)

Serious question. If she reports him, would anything be done? I mean, what proof does she have? It will be her word against the family's.

**u/velvelteen94** (111 points)

In most sexual abuse cases, there is no physical evidence but a conviction is possible because of the victim’s testimony. In her case, there might be text messages or emails of an exchange, sex for money. In the very least, he could be convicted of incest which is illegal in most states if OP is in the US. Also, her father could confess in an interview when pressed enough. There are a lot of variables that can change the course of the investigation.

**u/DiscretionFist** (106 points)

It's so sad. It's also astonishing that the whole family knows and backs the father. Jesus christ, sorry OP.

**u/aHTTPS** (100 points)

Gosh I’m repeating this too just because of how ugly this situation.  Please PLEASE report him!

Please!! It’s not your fault it’s hat horrible monsters fault. Go to the police. Please!

**u/fields4mint** (92 points)

Victim advocacy groups could help set her up with free resources and therapy services.

**u/rookiespinster** (92 points)

The reporting process itself can be incredibly traumatic. I had a police officer call me every morning for a week straight, at 7AM, forcing me to recount the assault again and again. He was audio recording me without my consent, hoping for me to slip up on some detail and call my credibility into question. When I was 16 the cops gave my rapist my last name, I had to relocate for my own safety. Those were two separate perpetrators, and both are free to walk the streets and hurt others.

A sexual abuse victim did not ask to be put into the position they are in, and it is an incredible social burden to pressure them to report because their rapist could hurt others. It doesn't stop at reporting--"why didn't you say something?" becomes "why didn't you say something sooner?" becomes "why didn't you save the text messages?" becomes "why didn't you get a rape kit?" becomes "why did you wait so long to get a rape kit?"

It is the rapist's responsibility not to hurt anyone else, never the victim's.

It. Never. Ends. Unless you have either reported yourself or closely observed/advocated on behalf of someone who is reporting I really don't think you could understand.

**u/themercurialknight** (83 points)

I'm so sorry it happened to you and I pray that you heal from this.

**u/AlittlebitPenguin** (75 points)

Very well said, at the same time about her family... If the mom can't even care to investigate this further and everyone is not even trying to listen, it's hard to do but just be done with them too. Better to have friends/ a partner who cares rather than people who are angry at you for speaking the truth.

 I would write an email to whoever you are closer to and try a last time to get your side out, the when, the why you acted out, the why you coming out, even his bank account will show money withdrawals, any texts? Not for revenge specifically but to hopefully have someone in your family understand you and hopefully see what a monster he is. 

  Best of luck to you &lt;3

**u/rookiespinster** (72 points)

If I told you how many times I've seen serial rapists continue their lives unhindered despite a "paper trail"--I know one who works at a high school--it might change your tune.

**u/junebug334** (65 points)

I’m sorry this happened to you. Don’t let this monster win. I heard someone once say that was was being interviewed about her abuse, “he killed who I could’ve been.” It really struck a chord with me. Don’t let that statement be true. I know it’s easier said than done. You’re stronger than you know, surround yourself with positive people and grow. Heartfelt good luck. You can do it

**u/[deleted]** (63 points)

You need some counseling, and you need to report your father.

But if it means anything- what your dad did isn’t your fault. Someone in power abused you and manipulated you. Please don’t hate yourself for it.

**u/smokinbogan** (56 points)

Counselling for you should be top priority.  Please go ASAP, this shit can affect the remainder of your life. Counselling will help you heal a bit so that you can find some enjoyment in life. Please go, don’t let them win! You can heal and rebuild, it takes time but you deserve it. Sending love and strength your way. Stay safe🤗
