# I hired an escort for my brother with downs syndrome last month. I don't regret it and he still smiles about it.

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/IThinkImAGoodBrother  
**Score:** 17,845  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/uinqkn/i_hired_an_escort_for_my_brother_with_downs/  

---

I'm 30 and my little brother is 24. He's honestly the best brother I could have asked for. I still remember the day he was born and holding my newborn baby brother when I was a kid. As we grew up I always knew he was different but he's my brother and I love him and I wouldn't change him. He's honestly one of my best friends and having a brother with downs syndrome, especially one like him has made me a better person. 

Last month my parents went out of town for a few days and they asked if I'd stay with my brother and take care of the house. While he might have downs syndrome he's not entirely helpless he just can't really be on his own like that. So of course I agreed and brought my PS5 over and some games, snacks and beers, I called out of work for a few days and figured we'd have some fun just like when we were kids.

We were having a great time and were talking the first day while taking turns playing Elden Ring and my bro started the game and got to the part where the guy calls you "maidenless" and I said something like "Ooooo he called you maidenless bro...daaaaaaamn." and my brother got super sad looking and I asked him what was wrong and he said, "I am maidenless. I'll never have a girlfriend." So we talked about that for a bit and he was actually feeling super depressed because he's never had a girlfriend and didn't think he ever would.  We kind of talked it out and he was really sad and I decided fuck it we can find him a girl. 

I called a couple people I knew who were into that sort of thing to see if they knew anyone. Well one of my buddies had a number of this girl so I gave her a call. She was actually super sweet and understanding about the situation and she said she'd be glad to show my brother a good time for her usual rate. She had a cousin with downs so she was very sympathetic.

I told my brother I'd pay a girl to come over and show him some fun on the condition that our parents will die without knowing I hired a prostitute to come to their house. He agreed.

So I made plans for her to come over, got my brother shaved and showered for his date. She showed up dressed up super nice she was also super hot. I'm no chef but I had picked up some food from Olive Garden for them. She was a genuinely nice person and was really good with him and I just left them to do their thing while I played the playstation in the livingroom. Eventually they passed by going upstairs to his room. I put my headphones on and kept playing. 

Eventually they came back down and both had big smiles on their faces. She hung out with us a bit then it was time for her to go. I handed her the cash plus some extra as a bonus. She said my brother was a sweetheart and that I was a good brother to do something like that for him and that she had a good time. She handed me half the cash back.

Eventually my parents came back and thankfully are none the wiser as my mother especially would probably kill me. My brother is super appreciative and said it was the most fun he'd ever had. I have no regrets.

---

## Top Comments

**u/-mlou** (5,166 points)

Epic big bro shit there. Not gonna hire you to babysit for me but your a champ

**u/slavnar95** (4,562 points)

I took my brother with downs to a strip joint for his birthday. Dropped 500 bucks on him for lap dances. The girls were super kind to him.

He still talks about it, and this was about 15 years ago.  


\*Edit\*   


For those making comments, I'm taking him again on his 50th birthday which is in August.

**u/poopooduckface** (2,964 points)

He talks about it and you’re not getting the hint apparently. One of you is a little slow.  And it isn’t your brother lol

**u/somerandomshmo** (1,342 points)

&gt;Not gonna hire you to babysit for me

your son will be pissed if he ever reads this.

**u/PuzzledCitron8728** (1,195 points)

Salute!

Big brothers, its what we do for our siblings. True Love right here boooooy

**u/thingswhatnot** (656 points)

made me LOL. You're not wrong.

**u/merk35802** (601 points)

You had me until "she gave me half the money back."

**u/wildcard4222** (597 points)

This was surprisingly wholesome.

**u/the_passengerX** (557 points)

It’s been 15 years and his brother has probably been hinting that he’d like to go back for round two for the last 14 years and 11 months lol

**u/ballsakkio** (497 points)

She was also soo impressed with what he did for his brother that she gave him her number.

They're now married and have 3 children. One of them has Downs Syndrome. He's been complaining about being a virgin lately and the Dad has an idea...

**u/No-Dance8247** (442 points)

You are a good man. Bro, I have mad respect for you and for that young lady who was kind
to your brother… and I have mad respect for your brother for keeping the secret and for being enough of a gentleman that the young lady walked away feeling appreciated. Well done, dude.

**u/Revolutionary-Quit48** (436 points)

That’s a brother right there. And props to the girl too

**u/LadyDiscoPants** (359 points)

I 'half' believed it until this part:   


&gt;She handed me half the cash back.

**u/morlock718** (339 points)

Dad: Thanks for looking after the kids, hope they were no bother.

This guy: No problem and let's just say you can skip the birds and bees talk.

**u/midevilsnack** (327 points)

"she handed back half the cash"

Yeah imma call bullshit only bc of that statement.

**u/possiblycrazy79** (303 points)

Damn this makes me so happy. I have a son with special needs &amp; unfortunately, his needs are severe to the point where this isn't an option for him. But I'm in parents groups for parents of disabled children &amp; this is a popular subject. A lot of parents of "higher functioning" disabled adults are aware of their needs &amp; feelings of loneliness, but have no idea what to do about it. You &amp; your brother are so lucky to have each other.

**u/slavnar95** (290 points)

lol I made him a deal that I would take him back again if he dropped weight to under 200 pounds.  Downs people have a very hard time keeping off weight.

**u/DaFunkis** (285 points)

I went to a strip joint for my brother's sister in-law's soon to be husbands bachelor party in. First and only time he and I have ever been to strip club at the same time (not my thing, not his thing; both married w/young kids). So we're just standing around trying to buy as many beers as possible b/c we're not getting dances and don't want to get punted.

This stripper (super cute, maybe 20) is completely naked (Canada), chatting my brother up; I have no idea what they're saying. Then he goes off with her. W/e, his life and I'll die with this information. I'm still not getting dances, and I'm getting a bit drunk and our tab is getting close to $300 for buying drinks for this guy's bachelor party crew; it's been a good 30 minutes so I figure I'll make a lap to see where tf my brother went b/c I want to dip tf out...

My brother has about 45 accounting designation letters after his name; he and this girl (now clothed) are sitting in a booth off somewhere, she has her homework out on the table and he's fucking tutoring her for her upcoming finals exams....

We cleared the tab and were headed back to our hotel to get find food and get proper shit face drunk. Ended up getting polluted with the Trailer Park Boys, heh.

**u/trentevo** (229 points)

I believed it until I realized she didn't ask for the cash upfront.

**u/MakeupforlostTime** (190 points)

Fuck yeah, should do it once a year for him

**u/buuulbasaur** (155 points)

LMAO this made me crack up

**u/Womble12345** (152 points)

Breaks both the kids arms….

**u/StellalunaStarr** (150 points)

😂😂😂😂😂

**u/Thriftstoreninja** (138 points)

This is why we need sex workers. For some people finding an intimate partner is impossible. A sex worker would be a safe way to meet one’s need for intimacy.

**u/Weak-Assignment5091** (114 points)

Yes it's very very difficult to both lose the weight and keep it off. What worked for my aunt ended up being cutting out her daily caffeine which was sugar loaded and going on a half hour stroll every day after dinner, weather permitting. It took over a year but she slowly and safely went from about 165 lbs (at under five ft tall) to just over 100 lbs. Everything has gotten better for her since too. Her breathing is better, oxygen saturation is higher, diabetes has stabilized, cholesterol down, inflammation levels in normal range and she very very rarely gets sick anymore. It vastly improved her quality of life, even though she still wants to daily Pepsi lol, they've started allowing her to have a can of Pepsi a week but try to get Pepsi zero when she doesn't notice.
