# I secretly put money in my pants pockets so my husband will do the laundry

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/Lasybossstager  
**Score:** 17,662  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/bhbelh/i_secretly_put_money_in_my_pants_pockets_so_my/  

---

I put $5 to $10 a week in my clothes. He thinks he is getting one over on me because we both have a weekly budget. He doesn't know that he is part of my budget. If I even try to do the laundry he is like "No, I got it" Worth every red cent.

Edit: Thank you oh kind ones for the Silverssss 🤴
Edit: And the GOLD awesome reddit person!! 😘
Edit: Platinum, I curtsy to you

---

## Top Comments

**u/RosieNP** (2,433 points)

You're a fucking genius.

**u/Lasybossstager** (2,064 points)

I move items in the fridge to the front in the order I want them eaten. He is not a dig through the fridge for something guy. Works about 90% of the time. Nothing gets spoiled and again, we both win.

**u/based_based** (1,792 points)

LMFAO this was the best read to date. He has sucker written all over his forehead. Makes me wonder what other sucker events occur in your household.

**u/Lasybossstager** (1,059 points)

*curtsy*

**u/XtineoftheNorth** (663 points)

That's how I get my husband to wear what I want without him knowing. Just put it at the front of the closet or top of the pile!

**u/groovie_chic** (551 points)

Seems like we need a sub r/wifehacks! These are great

**u/Gallifrey91** (488 points)

I wonder if he knows but plays along because he loves you 😊

**u/Lasybossstager** (399 points)

😑😐😑😐

**u/clevernames101** (356 points)

Are us husband's so simple?!? I've learned that my wife does control me, in a very subtle way, but it's effective and for my own good :)

**u/Lasybossstager** (300 points)

I wonder too. 😂

**u/SunBearxx** (282 points)

Blink if you need help, dude :)

**u/Molinero96** (278 points)

where I live it costs 1,5 bucks to get laundry done.  
I would say that OP is wasting money,but since they are a married couple I dont see how moving money from one piggy bank to the other can be seen as spending.

**u/notosboob** (250 points)

Well I'm going to test this out on my wife this week and see if it makes her hate doing the laundry a little less. That would be a nice little stress reliever for her.

**u/JacobMC-02** (221 points)

Where I live it costs like four bucks to get your laundry done, dried and folded. Are you actually saving money on this one?

**u/Lasybossstager** (140 points)

I wonder if she will tell you? Either way, it will perk her up.

**u/mooncow-pie** (129 points)

How do I blink on the internet?

**u/crossingjoab** (93 points)

Honestly I’m just surprised he even thinks to check the pockets, my husband just dumps the basket in the wash lol. Toys, pens, chapstick - all been washed. 

Can’t complain though, because at least he’s doing the laundry

**u/PitchBlac** (91 points)

Modern problems require modern solutions.

**u/Gallifrey91** (89 points)

Either way, sounds like everyone's happy

**u/Landanbananaman** (85 points)

They kinda look like they are in pain lmao

**u/[deleted]** (80 points)

Think we need to make it r/husbandhacks as it looks like r/wifehacks has been taken over by men.

**u/PM_Me_Ur_HappySong** (79 points)

I call a liar. We all know women’s pants don’t have pockets.

**u/Nwaccntwhodis** (77 points)

Not a wife but a daughter that puts up with my dad's shit, some people need to think that something's their idea.

**u/i-love-whiskey-to** (76 points)

YOU! You know all the secrets to have husbands do things around the house! Teach us mere mortals, oh wise one!

**u/SC487** (68 points)

No blink O_O

Blink  -_-
