# As a husband and father, I feel like I’m just an [un]glorified wallet and no one respects me or even acknowledges my contribution

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/IwannaBeLikeMichah  
**Score:** 16,169  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/r1juwk/as_a_husband_and_father_i_feel_like_im_just_an/  

---

I’ve been married 8 years. I’m 30, my wife is 33. We have two kids; a boy (5) and a girl (3).

I get up every week day at 4:00am. Clean up the litter box, walk the dog, sweep up the house (no vacuum because everyone is still sleeping). I fold the clothes that had dried overnight in the dryer. I check the children’s laundry baskets, and start new loads.

I go for a three miles run in the dark at 5:00am. I’m showered and on the road by 6:00am. I commute for an hour and a half to a job I’m not particularly thrilled about but I’m good at it and I’m paid well. I’d rather be home building furniture and learning to be a chef. 

Officially I work from 8:00am to 5:00pm but we rarely finish at the office before 6:30pm. I drive home another hour and a half.

When I get home the house is a mess. There’s no dinner. I’m starving. Did they eat? Yes they did. Uber Eats. Did they order anything for dad? Maybe, if I’m lucky. Wife will be on her phone. Daughter sometimes sleeping, sometimes not, son sometimes sleeping, sometimes not.

I’d like to spend time with them, but I need to eat. Bowl of cereal or TV dinner, then.

I check the laundry machine. Yep. Laundry from this morning is still there, and a huge pile that didn’t even get started is next to the machine. I put the first load into the dryer and start the next ones.

Wife lectures me on how stressful and hard her day was. How hard can it be when I hired a day nanny.

Oh she means stressful drama with her friends. Oh yes, tell me about what a bitch Brenda is and what a perfect mom she thinks she is and how she’s fake. My, that’s so interesting. 

Yes, a blowjob would be awesome. Oh wait you didn’t say blowjob, you said bill, as in the bill for all the just had to have things you ordered off amazon today.

She tells me about how I never have time for any of them and how I’m an absentee father and I need to “step up” my contribution at home. Well, this weekend I have to mow the lawn and paint the garage and do all sorts of other chores you insist need to be done only by me, I’m sorry if there’s not two of me and I can’t go on play dates with you and go to champagne brunches where you all pat one another on the back and tell one another how brave and hard working you are to be sitting in a restaurant paying $50 for a plate of food at noon on a weekday for a three hour lunch and yoga afterward when your husband gets a Stouffer’s TV dinner that he heats himself.

I’m sorry I can’t be like the J Crew family in the ad and be smiling all the time. Someone has to pay for the house you insisted on, the SUVs you insisted on, the Montessori school you insisted on, the fashionable clothes you insisted on, the organic this and that you insisted on, the hair salon and nail appointments you insisted on.

Thanks for calling me selfish for spending time on myself on my three mile runs. It’s the only thing for me I ever get to do, thanks, and it’s while you’re sleeping.

I really wish you wouldn’t condescend to me when you discuss me to your friends, as if I’m obsessed with my career and that’s why you’re stuck being supermom. You already know I’m happy with an apartment and used economy cars and buying our clothes at Target and working a job where I get to be home to see my kids.

Why are you and the nanny so busy that your combined efforts can’t put the load of laundry in the dryer and press a button. Why do you leave dishes in the sink for me to do after I come home.

If you want me to keep working my 160k a year job to to fun your lifestyle that’s fine, I’m your hubby and that’s what I signed up for. I’m your man and it’s my job to support you.

I wish you would act like you’re on my side, though, realize that I want to be home, but if you want all the stuff you insist are non negotiable, someone’’s got to go out there and pay for them because that shit ain’t free.

Thing is, all of it would be more okay if you just said thanks, Mike, I know you’re working hard or us and that you’re doing your part to keep this train rolling.

Instead you paint this picture on social media like you’re busting your ass and I’m just off playing golf instead of stressing every second if I’m making enough money to support the lifestyle you want and feel entitled to.

You paint me like I’m into myself when I want to be into all of us, be part of the bubble you’re keeping me out of.

Why do you resent it so much when our son says he loves me and appreciates me and wants to spend time with me. Why do you hate it when our daughter wants to stay up and watch me eat and talk to me.

I’m a husband and a father. I’m a workhorse. That’s life.

I’ve told you how I feel but you tell me I’m crazy and being a crybaby. I don’t think asking you to order something for me if you’re going to spend money on dinner is unreasonable.

If you really want to impress me, cook something for all of us.

Marriage is a partnership. It feels like I’m doing more of the lifting than half. That’s okay. But I need you to not gaslight me and treat me like I do nothing while you do everything. That’s not cool. 

I’m not your dad but I feel like I’ve just taken custody of you and our kids and just get treated like crap.

Please stop rolling y our eyes like it’s cringe when I try to play guitar and sing with our kids. They love it. You don’t have to but please don’t encourage them to laugh at me. 

This is not a contest. This is marriage. I do my part, you do your part. Your part shouldn’t be laughing at my part, thanks.

Also, it’s hard to get a boner when you’re berating me. Be glad I can get it up at all when we make love.

Thanks.

---

## Top Comments

**u/WinBarr86** (3,877 points)

Honestly, make her read this; What you wrote. Its very expressive and well written and gets the point across without being mean. Souds like you need to have a serious sit down with your wife.

**u/CombsSquad** (1,801 points)

She sounds like a narcissist, in which case this beautifully written confession would be completely wasted on her.

**u/nunyabusiness_69** (1,708 points)

I think you are really good at expressing yourself ! I hope you sit down and share this with your family. You deserve to feel loved &amp; appreciated.

**u/cosmicdaddy_** (1,187 points)

&gt;Why do you resent it so much when our son says he loves me and appreciates me and wants to spend time with me. Why do you hate it when our daughter wants to stay up and watch me eat and talk to me.

&gt;...

&gt;I’ve told you how I feel but you tell me I’m crazy and being a crybaby.

These were the biggest red flags to me. Textbook gaslighting and overall narcissistic behavior. Op and his wife need marriage counseling while wife also gets her own therapy.

I'm not hopeful, though. Anecdotal bias, sure, but I rarely hear about narcissists successfully working through their flaws.

**u/biggoof** (1,134 points)

Dude, you're trying too hard to be mr perfect. you're going to snap at some point, so you might as well have the big ass fight and hold your ground. no nanny, she needs to pull her weight. if your job is to provide then it's her job to make sure you're not stressed the fuck out when you get home and you can focus on your kids. That's normal too and it's ok to want and fight for it. Be ready to get a divorce if that's what happens, because this isn't  happiness.

I understand some of it, I was there to a degree but nothing like this.

**u/jijijojijijijio** (593 points)

OP, first you need to talk to your wife because you sound miserable.

Second, you need to move to a much closer to work location. It's not right to spend 3hours commuting. This should be your hill to die on. If your wife is doing nothing then she can drive to see her friends.

Third, you need to set boundaries with your wife about having food ready and the cleaning should be done. You should stop doing chores all together. Usually I would never say that but you wake up at 4am and your wife doesn't even work + has a nanny.

Fourth, you need to be honest with yourself about the lack of partnership, love and respect there is in your relationship. If I were you I would file for divorce and move much closer to work. You could even cut your hours and make less but still be comfortable.

Edit: thanks for the awards strangers!

**u/[deleted]** (506 points)

Jesus christ dude. I hope you know this isn't normal or acceptable. Your wife is taking full advantage of you

**u/PiggyMcjiggy** (422 points)

My ex did this.

Pretty much same situation as op. Except none of the pet or workout stuff. Work 10 hours a day, up to 12 a day for up to 28 days straight.

My daughter absolutely adored me. Was 100% a daddy’s girl. Anytime I was proud and talking about how much she loves me my ex would get defensive and say stuff like you quoted. 4.5 years I was that girls daddy. Not once did my ex say I was a good dad. But I had to call her a good mom all the time or she’d have an “anxiety” attack. It was miserable. And she was a terrible mom. I feel so horribly for my daughter being stuck with her and her grandma. Which has a history of abusing my ex…

Then found out she wasn’t mine. Then found out she forged my signature on the apartment “we” moved out of to save money when my daughter was 3. She stayed there for another year and a half with her mom, I assume because she was jealous of me and the munchkins relationship. 

Lost my perfect lil girl cause I had some angry txts from when I found out she wasn’t “mine”. Mostly the one that said “I honestly wouldn’t care if you killed yourself” after she said she wanted to die when I got the results. Filed for a restraining order saying I abused her. Went broke paying for a lawyer because she kept getting it pushed back with tons of lies. Resulting in tons of screenshots and emails. Had to make a deal to drop everything and I’ll be done or I’d have been kicked out of my house on top of the attorneys debt and who knows if she’d try to get me in jail next. 

8 years of absolute mind fuckery. 

Rambling on now…first thanksgiving without her. God damn it hurts…

**u/Fen_Misting** (289 points)

I think it's easy for us all to tell you what we think you should do, but it's like smoking or drinking - people make changes when they're ready to (this coming from an ex-smoker).

You're a good father, a good husband, and a good provider. What you're not is good to you.

I hope you can find your next step forward, and not continue to feel like life is more often than not sideways.

Just my two cents, but I really do wish the best for you,  stranger on the internet.

**u/xcer49** (273 points)

OP, I think your head’s in a good place. I hope the rest of your family can be open to understanding your view of things. It sounds like you’re trying really hard.

**u/RnbwSprklBtch** (253 points)

You need a better nanny and either a divorce or extensive marriage counseling.

**u/Tired_But_Scrappy** (165 points)

My dude.  You live once.  It's short.  This how you want to spend it?

**u/biggoof** (165 points)

that doesn't seem too bad, lol.

but I think she ain't gonna leave him. the OP just needs to realize that he holds a lot of cards, if not all the cards.

**u/kaasha_95** (162 points)

No no, keep the bj part, it's important for a couple to have sex and feel desired. Who doesn't like a nice bj after an stressful day at work?

**u/xxTheGrimOnexx** (149 points)

Change jobs first to a much lower paid one

**u/Ghostofchestypuller** (135 points)

That first year fucking sucks man but that third year? Feels like fucking freedom. Keep your chin up and keep your nose clean. You're in a dangerous time to fall to your vices, so try your best to remember moderation. If you fuck it up anyway, don't worry about it so much. After all you're only accountable to yourself now. Just remember to get back up and you gotta learn to love yourself. Go out on a limb and try some shit you always wanted to try but never got around to. Make some new friends that you can act stupid with who have the same interests as you. Hell if you can afford it buy that thing you've always been eyeballing but keep talking yourself out of. The main thing is to get through it, AND YOU CAN GET THROUGH IT. Ask me how I know. You got this man. See you on the other side of it!

**u/gentleman-corpse** (135 points)

I was in your situation several years ago and I walked out. It was the best decision I ever made. I found someone who truly appreciates me and treats me like a partner. They are my soulmate. You're just stuck in a routine and you're romanticizing the bullshit you're going through to be a perfect "hubby". You need to stop that and take your life back because what you described isn't living. You're a slave and it's miserable. Life is too short ffs. Do something about it before it's too late.

**u/BADxW0LF1** (134 points)

Marriage counseling is definitely needed here, but this lady sounds like she would just scoff and say no before going to her friends and making fun of OP for that.

**u/NotTacoSmell** (119 points)

at this point she's less a wife and more a parasite that belongs on r/trashy

**u/thowaway19865** (111 points)

And get left for it, haha

**u/xpeexx** (96 points)

Dogs get more praise for doing stupid tricks than men like you friend

**u/Okmanl** (96 points)

Unfortunately I don't have the link anymore, but I found an interesting study, where they polled households and asked each person/parent "Who does the most work around the house?"

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

Majority of the time, each individual will input "I do the most work around the household".

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

I noticed this at my house too. Even though I think everyone does their part, (someone does cooking, someone else buys groceries, takes out trash and so on) there's always a family member (or multiple of them) who will complain that they do everything around the house, and nobody else helps out. Another member will start building resentment towards that other person, because they think that they contribute a lot too but nobody ever notices their contribution and so on.

&amp;#x200B;

Not saying this applies to OP since I don't actually know him or his situation. But it seems like this is a common phenomenon.

&amp;#x200B;

Honestly I think just like in companies where people have quarterly reviews, I think a lot of families would benefit from this as well. Where they talk about the positives and negatives of each ~~employee~~ family member, list where they could improve or their grievances, put underperforming ~~employees~~ family members in performance improvement plans (PIP) and so on.

**u/Actingchick1234** (91 points)

Ew the fact that she laughs at you playing music.. I would fall in love all over again watching my husband do something like that. She sounds kind of materialistic. Like she cares too much about keeping up with the joneses, and that doesn’t really sound like you.

**u/samu990** (88 points)

Seriously, why is it so hard to understand that men like to have sex/make love with their wives, and that's a big part of why they get married.

Instead, it usually gets portrayed as if sex is some privilege that the wife gives to the husband.

**u/LadySith2020** (81 points)

Wow, you sound like a wonderful guy and your wife doesn’t deserve you at all! Fuck, if someone paid for my lifestyle and for me to stay home, I’d cook, clean, and shower him with love. And why the hell do you need a nanny if your wife sits on her ass all day? I can’t believe what I read. If you two can’t work it out by discussing things or therapy then maybe you should consider dropping the 3rd child.
