# I ghosted my longterm BF

**Sub:** r/confessions  
**Author:** u/throwitawaycg  
**Score:** 16,138  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/a6fxpj/i_ghosted_my_longterm_bf/  

---

Got into an argument which lead him to say “I could care less about you. If you died tomorrow, I wouldn’t go to your funeral”. I didn’t say anything back, just never spoke to him again. He’s tried to contact me several times since, but I want those to be the last words he’s ever said to me. Bitchass bitch

---

## Top Comments

**u/cellardoor434** (6,193 points)

I'd ghost someone too if they said "could care less" instead of "couldn't care less." You'll find someone one day who knows the difference and you'll be much better off.

**u/stressedbutblessed** (5,971 points)

I ghosted a long term boyfriend before (for many reasons but) because every time we would argue he’d say “fine I’m breaking up with you”. So one time he said it, I told him to get the fuck out of my house and blocked his number. Best decision I ever made. Good for you for sticking up for yourself!

**u/karen_h** (4,782 points)

When people tell you who they are, believe them. 

Edit: I didn't get the quote exactly right. I was thinking of the Maya Angelou quote "When Someone Shows You Who They Are, Believe Them". Wasn't expecting this many upvotes. Glad others find meaning in it too. Yeah, it's a simple, FB worthy meme phrase - but it resonates really deeply with me. I was married, and madly in love with someone who treated me horribly for many years, and he told me and showed me who he was - but I chose to believe his lies instead. 

Since the divorce, and the horrors of uncovering his double life that followed that, my new mantra is "trust that he sucks". That's a keeper. Still working on fixing my picker. Maybe someday I'll find someone who isn't an emotionally and mentally abusive narcissist, and give it another go, but for now, I'm happy with my kids dogs, cats, and myself.

**u/muppethero80** (2,382 points)

That’s not what ghosting is. That’s poltergeisting.

**u/26Point2** (2,039 points)

There is a 50/50 chance the person stated it correctly and OP doesn't know the difference.

**u/Cazken** (1,837 points)

I am the most honest person you’ll ever meet, now PayPal me $5k, I’ll double it and send you back

**u/seankrew** (1,832 points)

Finally, the ghosting technique being used appropriately.

Plenty of other mates out there. Keep strong.

**u/kiddonick69** (1,758 points)

Stuff like that can't be unsaid. I don't blame you one bit!

**u/macncheesedinosaur** (792 points)

That’s why I left my ex. Every time we disagreed or she just plain didn’t get her exact way about something she always said something like, “why are we even doing this?!” or “let’s just break up!” So one day she said it when we were arguing over something she was being incredibly selfish about. I started packing and when she asked what I was doing I told her, “I’m leaving, you’ve successfully talked me out of dealing with you anymore.”

**u/Alexshero** (654 points)

Bitch ass bitch is going to be my most used word today. Thank you for being you.

**u/ground__contro1** (654 points)

There’s also a chance neither of them know.

**u/-Tack** (570 points)

If you don't trust this guy fully I can hold the money in trust until everything is confirmed.

**u/Herry_Up** (473 points)

Oh shit, I’ve got a poltergeist.

**u/Mummelpuffin** (467 points)

Best part is when you try bringing it up and they say "eh, same difference"  (sparks and smoke start flying from my ears)

**u/radtads** (416 points)

Once you put something out into the universe, you can’t ever take it back. It’s done, the world has changed for what you said or did in ways big or small, and you cannot go backwards and erase it. 

When you say hurtful things in arguments and then retract because you “don’t mean them,” they’ve still hurt the feelings of your partner in the same way. It might have changed the way your partner looks at you or trusts you or invests in you, because of the very fact that it was already said; the message was already experienced and processed by them. You can’t take back the effects of your words, because once they’re spoken, you’ve given them away, and they don’t only belong to you anymore. 

As someone who grew up saying things I didn’t mean during arguments because I was taught it was acceptable to do when someone “made” me angry: to anyone who does this, learn how to emotionally regulate so you can handle yourself and your feelings without hurting the people around you. It’s not acceptable to lash out to deal with them, even if you’re angry or hurt. We all make mistakes with it, and they can be forgivable, but those internal boundaries are important to fortify if you don’t want to recklessly wound your loved ones and sabotage your own friendships and relationships.

**u/BreakFree221** (394 points)

I had to do the same with my ex girlfriend. We where "working on things" but her neurosis shined through her attempt at being a better woman to me after a long year of emotional and physical abuse. The last thing she will have ever said to me is "I'm pregnant" in an email with a fake ultrasound pulled from Google. Fuck her.

**u/MyGrandadsPorch** (290 points)

Honestly I was completely against ever ghosting anyone in a relationship. No exceptions. 

Let’s just say I’ve found an exception here. I completely respect and encourage this decision. 

Sure he can apologize all he wants and it might be heartfelt and he might mean it, but he just professed his feelings pretty clearly to you here...

That said he is human. But still fuck him. 


**Edited** for clarity

**u/CouchSitter13** (286 points)

“Bitchass Bitch”hahaha I love it.

**u/MonkeyLegs13** (258 points)

She didn’t say it couldn’t be forgiven, or that the person meant it. She just said it couldn’t be UNSAID. It literally can not be unsaid. Not unless there’s a time machine involved. Which means it may be forgiven, but probably never forgotten.

**u/MOIST_PEOPLE** (251 points)

Yes it can, people say shit they don't mean in arguments. It depends on the people.

**u/Aechmea** (238 points)

There is also a chance the BF intended it as he cared a lot about her, and could care less about her. (kidding, don't kill me plz)

**u/TheDOPDeity** (233 points)

I had an ex who broke up with me on average once a month. At one point I actually forgot we were still together for a week which resulted in me not talking to her during it. I felt fucking great and ended up being the one to break up with her for good.

**u/WhereRDaSnacks** (211 points)

I'd cut a motherfucker that said something like that out of my life, too. Fuck that.

**u/Justyburger** (202 points)

Lol that’s not ghosting, that’s just breaking up.

**u/okayalanna** (194 points)

Damn. I truly hope he lives with those words forever. 

Good for you, and i hope you’re okay.
