# UPDATE: My stepdaughter wants me to have an abortion and my SO says, "Maybe we should think about it."

**Sub:** r/JustNoSO  
**Author:** u/PecanPieInTheSky  
**Score:** 4,567  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JustNoSO/comments/ekmqzr/update_my_stepdaughter_wants_me_to_have_an/  

---

Original post: [https://www.reddit.com/r/JustNoSO/comments/dm9u5q/my\_stepdaughter\_wants\_me\_to\_have\_an\_abortion\_and/](https://www.reddit.com/r/JustNoSO/comments/dm9u5q/my_stepdaughter_wants_me_to_have_an_abortion_and/)

Sorry for the lack of update - I really didn't think that many people would find my situation that interesting, considering the bullshit so many folks on this sub deal with. And the last few months have been kind of cruddy. Was that really just late October...?

As my story was last left, I'm 35 and find myself pregnant with a very wanted surprise baby after many years of infertility. I have a rough relationship with my MIL and two adult stepchildren. My stepdaughter finds out I'm pregnant, flips her shit, and tells me I need to abort it. My husband, apparently, agrees after hearing her opinion. I left to stay at my parents' house and hadn't heard from my husband in 3 days.

To be honest, I didn't want to see my husband at all. I had no desire after his "confession." My radical act of self-care was ensconcing myself in my childhood bedroom, eating lots of potato chips and watching too much Animal Planet. My parents, at least, were absolutely delighted over the pregnancy. I'm an only child and my mom had always wanted more but had infertility problems, too. They went with me to my first ultrasound. They cried with me. They bought me a cake. My dad carved a little pumpkin with an amorphous blob on it that looked suspiciously like that weird, amazing amorphous blob on the sonogram screen. It was sweet.

The day after the scheduled ultrasound and about 2 weeks of radio silence, I received a text from my husband saying that we need to talk and I advised him that he could come talk to me in person. We chose to meet at a neutral public location as my parents didn't really want his face darkening their doorstep, and I agreed because I didn't want him tracking figurative shit all over my safe place.

So, we talked - or rather, I talked. I informed him of how hurt I was, mostly by his agreement with SD; he said he understood. I informed him that I would not be aborting for the comfort of an overgrown toddler; he nodded his head sagely.  I informed him how the ultrasound went; he looked interested. I informed him that he and his children would be moving out of my house within 30 days; he was...somewhat less in agreement of this point. 

Dear reader, I honestly had no fucks to give at this point. He had let me stew for days and DAYS by myself. I'm not sure if his tactic was to let me suck myself into an anxiety vortex, as I'm wont to do, and come crying back, as I have before. Just...no more. I can only assume those days I spent buried beneath blankets served as a chrysalis because I was not the same person when I went out as when I went in.

I wanted them out of my house. The house that I bought before our marriage, the house that was in only my name. Those bricks were designed to hold happiness, not petty comments and miserable people disguising their own black hearts with my tendency to see the best in them. It was mine, and, as selfish as I'm sure someone will tell me it is, it was mine alone to fill as I chose. And I no longer chose them.

I wish I could say that my story ends with me happily getting fat and filling up a nursery with baby things, but it's not that kind of story. Around the time my husband and his kids moved their last box out, an ultrasound confirmed that my baby didn't survive. To say I was devastated would be an understatement, but at least I had my own space to grieve. Not only for my baby but for the family and marriage that had been my life for almost 15 years.

I'm going to be okay. I *am* okay. I am also sad and discouraged and more than a little hollow, but I'm no longer held down by 300+ pounds of dead weight in my home.

Thanks to everyone that reached out to me. Thanks for the advice. Thanks for making me laugh by accusing me of being a misandrist harpy and assuming I was going to run to the closest Planned Parenthood drive-thru. Thanks for being kind. Thanks for being angry. Thanks for understanding.

Thanks for listening.
