# My Cockroach Husband Continues To Prove That Divorce Is The Right Answer

**Sub:** r/JustNoSO  
**Author:** u/LadyOfTheBlight  
**Score:** 4,031  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JustNoSO/comments/ajzlp2/my_cockroach_husband_continues_to_prove_that/  

---

Summary: My MiL is Devil Dadi and she slapped my seventeen-year-old son at our New Year's Eve Party because he pecked his boyfriend at midnight. My husband tried to play both sides and eventually took his mother's completely. Reddit and the JustNo subs have become my sole place of support in all of this, and I cannot thank you all enough for just hearing me out and understanding. 


My husband said some very unforgivable things that led to me throwing him out. He's a cockroach. The things he said and did in the past few days completely wiped the mist out of my eyes. He's a cockroach who desperately wants to crawl up his mother's fanny and die there. 


I still can't process or repeat some of what he said to me, but some of his shite was that I was to blame for never supporting a relationship between his mother and our godless children. He said that he regretted having the children with me because I raised them without values, morals, traditions, and culture. He said that his mother should have given me more stitches when she bashed my head with a lotta. This incident occurred many, many years ago before my youngest was born and he defended me then. He said that Dadi only had our best interests at heart by trying to knock some sense into the poof/sod/pillow-biter. That if I'd raised them right, they wouldn't be acting out like this. 


That was it for me. I threw him out. He seemed very shocked when I said I wanted a divorce. He immediately changed his tune and started playing up the what will people say aspect of it all. I laughed. I don't and never have given a shite about what people will say about me. He got angry and upset when he cottoned on that I was serious. He left in a huff with a bag of his things. Like the cockroach he is, he immediately ran back to his twat mother's fanny and began kissing her wrinkled arse. 


My phone blew up with calls from her, from him, from his relatives. As always, he couldn't fight his own battles and needed his beloved family to fight it for him. He blew up my children's phones as well. My eldest daughter told him that it was what he deserved. She got called a disrespectful girl who needed to stand by her father and obey him. My daughter laughed and hung up. 


He phoned my eldest son and blamed him for all of this. He said that it was son's fault for being an unnatural person and that he needed to think about what he'd done. My son was already feeling down about everything. He was gutted to have this all said to him. He hung up in tears and when he didn't answer again, my cockroach husband texted him to say all that shite again. My youngest son and middle daughter are fraternal twins. They answered one call from him, told him to bugger himself with masala and cut the call. My youngest daughter didn't get a call. She preemptively turned her phone off. 


My husband barged into the house this morning screaming that we were going to work this out and that marriage was a lifetime commitment and that I couldn't shame him like this. He refused to leave when asked. My sons grabbed him and forcibly ejected him from the house. I'm having the locks changed as soon as possible. The texts and e-mails are being sent to my solicitor as I prepare to file for divorce. My children are old enough that a court will basically put them where they want to be during a custody case. To be safe, I'm putting together all my paper trails to fight tooth and nail for them. 


Edit: [11:07] Gold and silver? Many thanks, fellow redditors.
