# Shrimpie the Cockroach broke into the house

**Sub:** r/JustNoSO  
**Author:** u/LadyOfTheBlight  
**Score:** 3,490  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JustNoSO/comments/avtwtw/shrimpie_the_cockroach_broke_into_the_house/  

---

Life went tits over taint when my monstrous bint of a MiL slapped my eldest son for pecking his boyfriend and my cockroach husband took her side. I'm currently in the midst of divorce, and the JustNo subs have begun my place of support and venting. I am Caucasian and my STBX is Indian.

Shrimpie has lost what little sense he once possessed. I am utter loss as to how best to explain the sheer idiocy of his latest actions. His devotion to his shriveled mother's fanny is almost admirable in terms of how low he is willing to stoop to protect the decomposing harridan. 


Last night, I posted about his mother. All was well, and I went to bed. Several hours later, I was awakened to the sound of somebody stomping about the common areas of the house. I also heard a crash. My home is currently occupied by myself, my mother, my sister, and four of my children. I initially believed that it was one of them wandering around. It was then that my middle daughter tip-toed into my room to inform me that there was somebody downstairs. 


As a disclaimer, I will add that you should do as I say and not as I do if there is an intruder in the house. I say you should simply father the family behind a locked door, arm yourself in the event you are attacked, and call the police. I did not quite do this. I went out to the hall closet and grasped my youngest son's lacrosse stick before going off in search of the culprit while leaving my daughter to wake her Grams and call the authorities. 


I found Shrimpie in the living room, furiously working away at the monitor which displays our home security videos. I confronted him. What in the devil's name was he doing in my house at this time of the night? As it turned out, he was searching for the recording of Dadi's lawn tantrum to delete it so there'd be no evidence of her assault on my mother. Except, you know, the copy that has already been given to the authorities. A very loud argument broke out between us that culminated in my mother leading the other inhabitants of the house down the stairs now that it had been assured that I was confronting a cockroach and not Jack the Ripper. 


I want to paint a picture with my words to describe the sheer lunacy of this situation brought on by Shrimpie's idiocy. My sons are both in their pants, looking very annoyed at being woken. My youngest daughter has an overnight facemask on and my middle daughter is still on the phone with the police talking them through this entire thing. Meanwhile, I am in my dressing gown, holding a lacross stick while the cockroach is dressed all in black, complete with a beanie. For her part, my mother is already on a tirade about how she never quite liked him but always bit her tongue, whilst my sister looked ready to return to Brooklyn. 


At 3am. This all went on at 3am. 


Shrimpie, naturally, then attempted to dig the hole he was in deeper by screaming that it was all my fault and lobbing one of my eldest son's wrestling trophies at my head. He missed but reached for another, and the first trophy almost hit my youngest. Something snapped in me. I flew at him with the lacrosse stick and gave him a thrashing and a half until my sons intervened and restrained me. Shrimpie attempted to make a run for it, but he was stopped by my eldest warning him to stay put lest he sees what happens when someone attacks a Desi boy's mother in front of them. I love that lad. 


The long and short of this entire ordeal is that Shrimpie and his mother are now wearing matching bangles. I was held for a time until they reviewed the security cameras for confirmation I had acted in self defense. I am currently enjoying a gin and watching cat videos on Youtube.
