# Update: my husband wants me to give the money I saved for my deceased daughters college fund to his adult daughter

**Sub:** r/JustNoSO  
**Author:** u/rkglsjfj  
**Score:** 3,408  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JustNoSO/comments/ew7htr/update_my_husband_wants_me_to_give_the_money_i/  

---

If you didn’t read my previous post, a link: https://www.reddit.com/r/JustNoSO/comments/eqzca0/my_husband_wants_me_to_give_his_daughter_the/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf

Update: it is a short one but

My ex husband and I decided to go on a week trip to my daughter favorite place on earth, spread her ashes, and just reminisce about our baby girl. My husband did not like this and essentially blew up, told me I was his wife and anything I did he had to approve. When we get back from our trip I will be taking my things and looking for an apartment and a divorce lawyer.


Many people recommended instead of donating to a charity we start a scholarship for a major my daughter would have loved. My daughters father and I have been discussing it, and that’s an idea we both like and think would honor her greatly.

Thank you all for your loving messages and support. Life is hard, but i appreciate the love internet strangers can give you in your time of need. 

Hopefully this will be the only update I give as I will no longer have a jnso.

Edit: I’ve gotten at least 4 messages asking so


No I didn’t fuck my ex husband. I have no plans to. 

We were comfortable enough to go on a trip together because we’re friends. I had my daughter at 17. We were young and stupid. But he is still my friend and since I birthed a child from him, sharing a hotel room is not a big deal. Please stop asking.
