# My Husband Won't Defend Our Son

**Sub:** r/JustNoSO  
**Author:** u/LadyOfTheBlight  
**Score:** 3,324  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JustNoSO/comments/ajb3wg/my_husband_wont_defend_our_son/  

---

Last night, I posted to r/JUSTNOMIL to rant about my bint of a Mother-in-Law. Tl;dr is that she's an antiquated hag who slapped our son at our family New Year's Party because he pecked his boyfriend at midnight. 


The consequence were quick. I threw her out and made it clear she wasn't welcome in my home. My children and I have all went NC. MiL is a controlling bint and has been blowing up our phones, arriving on our doorstep to scream, and sending in her flying monkeys. 


I've been firm with her. She is not welcome. My husband disagrees. It would he so much easier if we could put up a united front against her, but he's recently felt very guilty about cutting her out. He's still speaking to her. I'm not demanding he cut her out because that's his call, but what about our son? What's he going to think when he realises you've taken the side of the woman who assaulted him for his sexuality?


I received fantastic advice on my previous post and had my husband read the comments. I hoped that seeing so many people, especially people from his culture, sharing experiences and advice with him would snap him out of the FOG.


He got quiet for a bit. Then he got angry that I'd posted because "what will people say?" I don't give a rat's arse what people say. It they aren't paying my bills, their opinion doesn't matter to me. 


Then he got angrier because he said this was being blown out of proportion. He told me I needed to talk to DS1 and have him speak to his grandmother so they can make up. This is just how she is, he said. DS1 needed to accept that. It was causing friction and unnecessary conflict. 


I repeat. She. Hit. Our. Son. For. Being. Gay. 


He got angrier when I said I would do no such thing because he said it was becoming me and the children versus him and his mother. Well, he wasn't wrong. This made him even angrier. 


Finally, I told him that he's sleeping on the couch because if one more word comes out of his mouth, I won't be liable for my actions. I have been married for twenty-two years and lived a lifetime of compromises for this man. This is my hill to die on. There isn't any room for a middle of the road approach. There is no fence to straddle.


MiL assaulted our son and he wants to go on like nothing happened. This morning he tried to rugsweep our argument from last night. No. He can support our son and our family or he can kiss his mother's wrinkled arse. There's no more in-between. 


(18:23) Update: Another argument. He doubled down on needing to make peace with his mother. He said things he can never take back and I can never forgive. I told him to pack a bag and get out of my house. He's fled back to his mother's den and my phone is blowing up from the entire flock of flying monkeys. 


Thank you all for the support and advise, but there's no saving this now. 

(11:10) Update 2: Once again, thank you all for the support and assistance in coping with this very difficult time. You have no idea how much this support means to me. It's my only support. My husband's family is firmly on his side in this, including the relatives who also hate Devil Dadi. They don't want to get in the middle. I don't blame them. My own family lives in America and I have to make do with phone calls and skype while working through timezones. I have my children, but my oldest has a child under a year old and it's not her responsibility to have to deal with my emotional issues right now. My oldest son does not need to be dragged further into this because he already feels he's to blame. He isn't. The breaking point would have come sooner or later. My other three are in their early teens and should not have my baggage heaped on them. Lastly, my children are not my emotional support animals. 

This is where I am right now. My husband is not coming back to my house. Even if he apologises and means it, I can never forgive the things he said last night. I can never forgive the things he said about our son either. Divorce is the nuclear option. I'm pressing that big red button. 


He made his bed. Now he gets to die in it. I may have been able to tolerate a lifetime of compromises, but my children deserve better.
