# Shrimpie the Cockroach wants me back

**Sub:** r/JustNoSO  
**Author:** u/LadyOfTheBlight  
**Score:** 3,050  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JustNoSO/comments/aojzt1/shrimpie_the_cockroach_wants_me_back/  

---

To those who wish for me to not use my introduction: For heaven's sake, skip the bloody introductory paragraph if it so offends your delicate sensibilities.

Life went tits over taint when my bint of a MiL slapped my seventeen-year-old son for pecking his boyfriend on the lips at our New Year's Eve party and my cockroach of a husband took her side. The just no subs have become my place for support and venting. To be perfectly honest, I put up with far too much from my husband and his family. I was married to him for twenty-two years of shite. My five children and my granddaughter are quite literally the only good things to have come out of this marriage. Husband is Indian. I am Caucasian.


Now, onto the latest development. 


Shrimpie the Cockroach has decided that he wants me back. He wants to be a family again. How quaint. Yet, once the cow has been milked, there is no squeezing the cream back into its udders, is there? After just a few days of blissful solitude, he has returned with his tail between his legs and has grovelled for me to take him back and let us once more make merry. Absolutely not. I will not entertain such a ghastly notion. 


He began by sending me a bouquet of roses. I accepted them and asked the delivery lad if he had a girlfriend. The lad did, and so he will taking the roses I've gifted him home to her. May it brighten his lass's day as it has darkened mine. 



Following his floral attempt at wooing me, he opted to text me to ask if I had received the roses. I made note that I had given them away as I had no need for such foolishness. He grew a bit irate and complained that I was throwing his generosity in his face. Now, it has been a great many years since I have been romanced, but it is rather evident that he is doing it wrong. 


He then asked me to dinner. I declined. He led me to believe that this dinner would take place in a restaurant, but after I declined, he fussed that his twat mother had already begun preparing the meal. There is nothing like a romantic proposition to have dinner with roach in his mother's dining room whilst an elderly harridan unleashes her bile and spite, is there? 


Once the traditional attempts at wooing failed, Shrimpie asked that I think of the children and how it would affect them to not have a father's guidance. I pointed out that they didn't have a father giving them guidance when he lived here, so they really are not missing out on much. He grew very irritated, and began angrily stating how involved he was in our children's lives. 


To this end, he said he had attended our youngest son's soccer matches (our son plays lacrosse, not soccer, and Shrimpie has never attended a match), said that he's read our youngest daughter's poetry (she writes short stories and hates poetry), and that he was very supportive of our eldest daughter marrying [mispelling of our son-in-law's name]. The last one was particularly egregious as our son-in-law has a five letter name. These demands went on for some time and he got very little correct about our children's lives. 


I look forward to the coming custody battle given he's just given my attorney proof that he doesn't so much as know what sport our son plays. 


When this tactic failed, Shrimpie desperately confessed that he had never stopped loving me and he was going mad without me. Personally, I think he's going mad because of constant exposure to his mother. Naturally, I confessed that I was not interested in rekindling our relationship and that it is best he not contact me with further attempts at wooing less it hurt him. 



Finally, he snapped. He arrived on my front lawn and pounded on my front door, demanding I speak to him so that we can sort this mess out. He sees the walls closing in and his desperation grows. His mother has been charged with assault and he has been served with divorce papers. This seemed to have hammered in the severity of the situation. I called the police on him when he refused to leave. He was given a verbal warning, a report was made, and he left in a huff. 


He tells me that I would be lucky to have him, for he can have any girl he chooses to have. Pardon me while I guffaw into my gin. He was an attractive man when were young. He is now balding, fat, and his arsehole gapes from the years during which his mother used him as hand puppet. That last bit is metaphorical. 


I received a message asking me why am I doing this to him and his mother? It laid the guilt on very thick, but at my age, my fucks to give are much like the dinosaurs. Extinct. How dare I leave him. How dare I shame us both! How dare I press charges against his mother. How dare I enforce our children's choice to not be in contact with him? How dare I not bend over and accept him back into my life?



Of course I dare. Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned, and Shrimpie the Cockroach is not going to know what hit him when we meet in court. My attorney is very, very good. Shrimpie has chosen c to be represented by his brother... a deadbeat leech who has never moved out of their mother's home.
