# The Cockroach wonders why the children don't want to speak to him.

**Sub:** r/JustNoSO  
**Author:** u/LadyOfTheBlight  
**Score:** 3,045  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JustNoSO/comments/akzxm6/the_cockroach_wonders_why_the_children_dont_want/  

---

Life went tits over taint when my bint of a MiL slapped my seventeen-year-old son for pecking his boyfriend on the lips at our New Year's Eve party and my cockroach of a husband took her side. The just no subs have become my place for support and venting. To be perfectly honest, I put up with far too much from my husband and his family. I was married to him for twenty-two years of shite. My five children and my granddaughter are quite literally the only good things to have come out of this marriage. Husband is Indian. I am Caucasian. 


This morning, the cockroach arrived to collect more of his clothes and possessions. He was in a very petulant sulk and once again argued that I was being unreasonable and we just needed to accept his bint mother and that I needed to tell the children to apologise. It irritates me that he still can't see why this is not a solution. It annoys me that he wants to rugsweep his own actions just so he can get his way. He is in his fifties and still wedged so far up his mother's fanny that it's a miracle he hasn't suffocated yet. 


The slap was the tipping point for me. It was what made me realise that nothing was going to get better. It opened my eyes to the fact that my STBX was a cockroach who would willingly put me and our children on the firing line to please his mother. It has not been a single incident. It has been over twenty-two years of one thing after another. 


The children did not take as long to wise up to what their father was. He was emotionally distant with them and frequently competed with them at every turn to attempt to assert his dominance. It was ridiculous. He was a grown man competing with his children in their hobbies to prove he was better. Whenever I confronted him about his actions, he would warn me not to expose him to the children and said it was very emasculating for the man on the house to be superseded in something. To say that went over well would be a lie. I refused to cover up his headgames. 


A few examples of him attempting to be better than our children from over the years include tracing colouring pages he'd printed to prove he was a better artist than our middle daughter, downloading YouTube clips of instrumental music and making videos of him playing the guitar and piano to be a better musician than our eldest daughter and youngest son, and buying himself trophies which he lied about getting when he was in school for athletics so he could prove he was a better athlete than our youngest son. 


He was deeply and utterly insecure, and it was pathetic. 


The children did not want to visit Dadi often. He'd force and coerce them into going with him. When my eldest eventually came to me for help, I confronted the cockroach. He said that the children didn't know what was good for them and needed to have a good relationship with Dadi. He did not win that argument. From that point onwards, his mother's interactions with our children would only take place in our house under my supervision. 


He tried to force a lot of stagnated beliefs on the children. He didn't succeed. He wouldn't let the girls cut their hair when they wanted to, and he wouldn't let the boys follow non-masculine pastimes. Again, he didn't get his way. If my son didn't want to go to temple, he was not going to temple. If my daughter wanted a pixie cut, she got a pixie cut. If my son wanted to do gymnastics, he did gymnastics. If my daughter wanted to learn to repair a car, she learned the basics of repairing a car. 


The children tolerated a lot of his tosh. They came to me for help a lot and vented a lot of their frustrations. The early days of them forgiving their father for something because he got them a treat passed and they reached the age where they could remember wrongs done to them. They learned that you could forgive but not forget. They became warier of him.


When Dadi slapped my son, the children closed ranks around him. When the cockroach took her side, they took their brother's. I'm proud of how close they are. I'm not forcing them to cut him out. They can communicate with him if they want. 


They don't want to. He was supporting the woman who assaulted their brother. He doesn't understand that. I actually tried explaining it to him after I got tired of him complaining about them all "taking my side." He still didn't understand. 


"But I'm their father. They have to," he kept saying. As the children would say to that response, "Lol." Then, of course, he fled back to Devil Dadi to sulk.
