# That Time When My (38f) Boyfriend (36m) Forgot an Important Piece of Information and Ended Up Being The Biggest Hypocrite Who Ever Lived

**Sub:** r/JustNoSO  
**Author:** u/Whytworugs  
**Score:** 2,925  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JustNoSO/comments/i2x0mr/that_time_when_my_38f_boyfriend_36m_forgot_an/  

---

I broke up with him last night.  He's been pretty immature the whole relationship but last night took the cake.  

I've been unable to have vaginal intercourse for the past two months due to some gynecological issues. I had to stop having any kind of sex with him though because he was disrespecting some of my boundaries regarding anal (don't finish inside) and oral (don't jam it down my throat).  So of course he hasn't been handling the constant sexual rejection well because he basically has the eq of a toddler.

Last night after I rejected him yet again he actually started crying.  I know this is what he was crying about because he was happy all day and immediately started crying after I told him no.  He also has a history of emotionally manipulating me this way.  When I called him out for crying basically saying he brought this on himself by not respecting my boundaries he called me selfish and said I make everything about myself and that he was *actually* crying because a week from now is the anniversary of his grandmother's death.

He went on a long winded speech about how I am so self centered and only think about myself and if I paid *any* attention to him I'd know he was crying about his grandma.  But of course I forgot all about that because I only think about myself. 
He was clearly manipulating me.

The only problem is....he was saying all this to me on the actual date my mom passed...well the date that I found her decomposing body and was traumatized for months.  Mind you, he hadn't said anything to me about it or asked me if I was ok or anything all day.

The look on his face when I gently reminded him of that fact.  

When you try to manipulate someone into feeling bad for you, try to make sure they can't actually one-up you in the woe is me department.
