# Shrimpie the Cockroach has officially moved out

**Sub:** r/JustNoSO  
**Author:** u/LadyOfTheBlight  
**Score:** 2,899  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JustNoSO/comments/anjlua/shrimpie_the_cockroach_has_officially_moved_out/  

---

Life went tits over taint when my bint of a MiL slapped my seventeen-year-old son for pecking his boyfriend on the lips at our New Year's Eve party and my cockroach of a husband took her side. The just no subs have become my place for support and venting. To be perfectly honest, I put up with far too much from my husband and his family. I was married to him for twenty-two years of shite. My five children and my granddaughter are quite literally the only good things to have come out of this marriage. Husband is Indian. I am Caucasian.


Whilst the circumstances of his departure from my home was far from ideal and resulted in me being slapped across the face from his twat mother, it was with a very bright smile that I shut the door on their faces. I then had the locks changed and paid them extra to get here immediately. Shrimpie also grudgingly signed a document stating he had officially moved out and that all of his possessions had been taken with him to avoid future scruples over assets. My attorney is a mosquito, but so long as it isn't my blood that he's sucking, I'm perfectly content to let him roast the roach over hot coals. 



Amongst the possessions claimed by Shrimpie was our marital bed. He took the guest bed as well, leaving us a bed short within the house. He is welcome to the beds. Neither saw much use in the last years of our marriage, and I can personally state that the mattress needs replacing. While I do jest about him wanting the bed we'd shared for so many years now that he is on the road to becoming an ineligible bachelor, he did try to strip the house bare. 


He wanted the children's beds for when they visited him. None of them have any intention of doing so. He attempted to seize the living room sofas, and he was stopped upon me reminding him that those had been purchased by me. He did take his gaming consoles and the stereo. This is not much of a hardship, as the children have their own consoles (Shrimpie bought his consoles because the children wouldn't let him win on theirs). The stereo was destined for the bin if he hadn't taken it. 


However, he did annoy me with some of the things he did take. My lovely knives have disappeared, as has the decorative faucets for the upstairs bath. They were in the shape of peacocks. He took the doorknobs for some of the doors which he had bought, the light fixtures, and tried to take the chandelier until he was reminded that it had come with the house. The dryer has been taken, as have the rugs, the shower curtains, the toilet seat cover, several doilies, and a few vases. A bookshelf, the dining room table, and a desk also slunk off into his truck. 


I do believe he was trying to make a point of some kind, but these are just possessions. I can replace things, but I cannot replace the sheer relief of having him cast out of our lives along with his hideous mother. 



Shrimpie decided to take half the food from the refrigerator, including meatline products. I find this petty as his mother will never allow bacon into her house and it'll be tossed. He further helped himself to a degree of other possessions. Honestly, I may have let him take more than he should have taken to be an equal 50/50, but I kept all that was needed. I did go on a brief shopping spree this morning to replace the necessities. My new bed is glorious and will be delivered tomorrow morning. 



Shrimpie tried to get under my skin a few times, and he failed miserably at every turn. He made a dig at my age and stated that I was a dried up old hag. He was very put off by my response, which summed up that my tits are still glorious, but he has always had a shrimp. A bit below the belt, but he was asking for it. He also stated that I was making a terrible mistake and I will be shamed by the community. I doubt it. He then stated that the children would soon see reason and return to their father. I took the advice of the lovely people of the sub and pointed out that they stood by their mother as did he. 


He was speechless. 


It was near this time that his twat mother slapped me. I have received worse from her. I still wear the scar above my eye as a badge of honour. Shrimpie did not apologise for her but he did blame me for making her lose my temper. His argument was the equivalent of the "why are you hitting yourself" tactic of a schoolyard bully. He finally concluded his little lecture with a declaration that this will be a very messy divorce and that he will not go quietly into the night and let me steal his children. I would rue this day, and if I wanted even a hint of mercy, I would not press charges against his mother. 


This was all said in front of the law enforcement officials I'd invited over to oversee him moving out. It was not easy, but my son-in-law did pull a few strings to have them over for my protection. I will not get into how he was able to accomplish this, but I will say that it was very helpful. 



To which I reminded him of a very important lesson. "Your mother may have forgotten, but we've been married for twenty-two years, Shrimpie. You of all people should know exactly what I am capable of." I did not say this in these exact words, of course, but the message was very clear. He fell in love with me for my fire, and now he will be burned with it. 



A messy divorce? *Snort* Bring it, Shrimpie. It can't be as half as messy as our marriage.
