# FINAL UPDATE: My stepdaughter wants me to have an abortion and my SO says, "Maybe we should think about it."

**Sub:** r/JustNoSO  
**Author:** u/PecanPieInTheSky  
**Score:** 2,872  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JustNoSO/comments/vpynxd/final_update_my_stepdaughter_wants_me_to_have_an/  

---

[ORIGINAL POST](https://www.reddit.com/r/JustNoSO/comments/dm9u5q/my_stepdaughter_wants_me_to_have_an_abortion_and/) - [UPDATE POST](https://www.reddit.com/r/JustNoSO/comments/ekmqzr/update_my_stepdaughter_wants_me_to_have_an/)

Because I've gotten a few messages recently asking for an update, I thought I'd sent one out into the universe to hopefully close the book on my story. At least, as far as Reddit is concerned. It's been about 2.5 years since I last posted and, as it goes, a lot has happened between point A and point B.

After I unceremoniously kicked my husband his two children to the curb, they moved back in with my then-MIL. She was a controlling, cold person who enjoyed nothing more than puppeteering her children and grandchildren with an open hand full of money, all the while hiding a closed fist full of anger and resentment behind her back. Despite knowing this very well, all three moved back in with MIL.

She died 8 weeks later.

I found it darkly ironic, since if she'd shuffled off of this mortal coil at any other point in our 15 year relationship, we might still be married today. Or maybe not. But I find it very telling that whenever I tell a curious acquaintance that she died, about the nicest thing anybody can muster is, "Well, bless her heart" in a very Southern sort of way.

As far as I know, my ex-husband and his kids are still living in that same house, as it's now his. According to his Facebook - while I will shamelessly admit to checking from time to time - he's had a few relationships but nothing seems to stick. Gee, I wonder why. After all, they're *such* a lovely bunch!

Since the children were adults and we had little in the way of co-mingled assets, our divorce was declared legal almost a year to the day after I filed. I'd honestly expected my ex to put up more of a fight, but it seems that his mother's death took it out of him. I guess I can't say that she never did anything good for me!

After all of this, I had no desire to seek another relationship. I was happy licking my own wounds alone, trying to piece together where, exactly, it all went so sideways. The universe seemed to have other plans when I randomly ran into my ex-boyfriend at the grocery store about a month before my divorce was finalized.

When I say "ex," keep in mind that our relationship was one of those insanely emotional teenaged love affairs where all of the memories are carefully wrapped in a gauzy filter. We were one another's first *everythings* and broke up due to life and college. There was no big blowup or cheating or anger, just growing up. It was a heartbreaking split but you tend to be very different at 21 than 16, and our lives were taking us in opposite directions. 

At any rate, we saw one another for the first time in 15 years over a pile of slightly underripe avocados. He was still tall and perhaps even more handsome in the unfair way that some men age, but he was still very much himself. We decided to meet up for dinner while he was in town visiting his parents because he works abroad. 

That meetup turned into a sleepover, I'm not ashamed to say. We went through a box of Trojans at a respectable clip for two people on the downhill slide to 40. It was comfortable and lovely and I thought it was a nice final chapter to the previous story we'd written. We parted ways again as friends.

And then 8 weeks later I saw two little pink lines on a dollar store pregnancy test.

Only this one decided to stick around.

So now I chase my growing way-too-fast kid around, and we Facetime with her father at least once a day. No, we're not together, but we co-parent well. He's a wonderful man and a great dad; it may be unconventional by some standards but it works for us, and he plans to move back once his contract is up next year. Needless to say, my ex-husband grandly accused me of cheating on him or throwing him aside for an old flame, but by the time he found out about the baby, the ink was long dry on our divorce so his blustering amounted to no more than some angry, drunken texts and likely some hungover mornings for him. I wish him nothing more than all the happiness he brought me.

So I think that's where I'll end this for now, since my daughter is due to wake up from her nap and we're going to the park this afternoon. It'll be a good day.

As an aside, my cousin sent me a screenshot of my stepdaughter's Instagram a few days ago. Apparently, she's been wholeheartedly celebrating the Supreme Court's decision concerning Roe vs. Wade. Imagine that. Bless her heart.
