# My stepdaughter wants me to have an abortion and my SO says, "Maybe we should think about it."

**Sub:** r/JustNoSO  
**Author:** u/PecanPieInTheSky  
**Score:** 2,865  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JustNoSO/comments/dm9u5q/my_stepdaughter_wants_me_to_have_an_abortion_and/  

---

I'll try to keep this brief and not word-vomit an entire novel.

My husband and I have been together for 14 years. He's 9 years older than me and has two kids from his first marriage, 23 and 20. Despite wanting it, I've never been able to carry a baby to term. 1 miscarriage several year ago, near the beginning of our marriage, and nothing since. No rhyme or reason for it, and my husband and I have come to terms with the fact that we won't add to the family. I was sad but it is but things have been tough financially the last few years, so I consoled myself that it's for the best.

Until, SURPRISE - the week before my 35th birthday, I realize my period is late. I get a positive test and I'm honestly over the moon, if you'll excuse the cliche. My husband is excited but wants us to wait to tell the family, which I agree with. I know the statistics and I don't want to have to be fielding constant questions if I miscarry.

Both of my stepkids are what you might call "failure to launch." Neither have went to college and seem happy living at home or with my MIL, who's much more permissive than I am. My drama with my MIL could fill a whole r/JustNoMIL database but I won't focus on that other than to say that when I first became engaged to my now-husband, I made it clear that I loved the kids and wanted to be a good mom. In retaliation to the first (and only) time my stepson called me "mom," MIL ignited a campaign of terror against me, using the kids as a weapon. Among other things, she paid them $10 every time they said something mean to me...and bragged about it to the rest of the family. So the relationship I have with them has been definitely strained at times and we missed a lot of years of bonding, but it's improved as they've gotten older and floated outside of her sphere of direct influence. I know they'll never see me as their mom at this point but I'm happy with the relationship we've managed to scrape together despite it all. Or at least I WAS happy with it.

So here I am, pregnant, happy, and planning a new piece to our life that I hadn't dared to hope for in 5 or 6 years. I let myself dream a little and go to a baby store where I cry a little bit and end up buying a soft gray blanket and a tiny pair of shoes.

Later that same day, I had to unexpectedly pick my stepdaughter up from work. Cool, fine, no big deal. I stopped to get gas and when I come back out, she's giving me the weirdest look. "So...are you like...pregnant or something?" She dug into the bag when I was out of the car. I could've lied easily and said it was for a friend, but why would I want to lie about it? I asked her if she could keep a secret, she promised she could, and I confirmed.

Needless to say, it wasn't the happiest of responses. She just said, "Oh. Wow. That's, uh, weird," and was quiet the rest of the ride home. To say I was a bit deflated was an understatement but SHE doesn't necessarily have to be happy about it. Me and my husband still can be, all on our own. Even if nobody else celebrates, WE can.

A few days later and everything else is going along just fine. I'm counting down the days until the ultrasound, everything seems good...until my stepson decides to show me a chat between him and my stepdaughter where she was talking about how gross it is that I'm pregnant, it's embarrassing, everybody's going to assume it's actually her kid when we're out together (??) and just general...not very nice things.

When she's back home later, I come out to talk to her while she's watching TV with my husband. I'm trying to be chill but my brain is going a million miles a minute. I asked her how she felt about the baby and she responded with an eye roll. I ask again, and tell her that I really want to know because it impacts her life, too. She's starting to get irritated with me - she says she's tired and had a long day and could I just drop it? Maybe this is where I misstepped but, no, I can't drop it now. I keep asking her to talk, she keeps refusing, until she finally decides to drop a bomb:

"YOU SHOULD JUST GET AN ABORTION BECAUSE THIS WHOLE THING IS FUCKING WEIRD."

Honestly, I'm kind of shocked at this point. I knew that she wasn't delighted but, damn, that's a whole 'nother level. It was like getting smacked in the face with a sock full of nickles. I start crying, thanked her for being honest like an idiot, and then leave the room. A little while later, my husband comes into the room where I'm sobbing my guts out. I assume he's going to try to comfort me or at least give me more context to soften the blow, which he does a lot when one of the kids say something awful to me. He sits down, puts his arm around me, and opens with:

"Maybe we should consider it."

Come again?? The fuck did you just say?

He must see murder in my eyes because he rushes on with how happy he is BUT we're not really in the best place financially BUT he just started a new job BUT it's hard enough with the two "kids" already BUT the kids aren't on board BUT BUT BUT.

I told him over my dead body was a baby that I've wanted for 14 fucking years is getting aborted over that. IT'S A MIRACLE BABY, NOT A CONTESTANT TO BE VOTED OFF THE ISLAND. I said some other things that I'm not proud of, stuffed some clothes in a bag, and came to my parents' house. I've been here for 3 days now and NOBODY has reached out to me. Not a fucking peep.

I just don't even know where to go from here. I feel like I'm surrounded by insane people that are all just looking out for their own interests... At least my parents are excited, I guess. I can't say that I am anymore.
