# Shrimpie the Cockroach has accused me of having an affair

**Sub:** r/JustNoSO  
**Author:** u/LadyOfTheBlight  
**Score:** 2,846  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JustNoSO/comments/am6e13/shrimpie_the_cockroach_has_accused_me_of_having/  

---

Life went tits over taint when my bint of a MiL slapped my seventeen-year-old son for pecking his boyfriend on the lips at our New Year's Eve party and my cockroach of a husband took her side. The just no subs have become my place for support and venting. To be perfectly honest, I put up with far too much from my husband and his family. I was married to him for twenty-two years of shite. My five children and my granddaughter are quite literally the only good things to have come out of this marriage. Husband is Indian. I am Caucasian.


Today has been a very stressful day. Shrimpie arrived for more of his worldly possessions. He will be collecting the remainder of his possessions, including some of the furniture, this weekend. He is under the impression that this is just a temporary separation, which it very much is not. While clearing out our en suite of his grooming products, he took it into his empty skull that he could win me back with honeyed words and empty promises. Absolutely not. All that is sweet which escapes his gob drips with flies. 


Once, many years ago, Shrimpie was quite charming. He had a bit of devilry and rebellion in him that I found quite attractive. As with the rest of his manhood, these things have all been firmly wedged up his mother's fanny. A part of me feels very guilty for speaking of him in such a manner, but the truth of the matter is that he has become a very despicable man. Rather than evolve, he has regressed. 


After his attempts at seduction dismally failed, he decided that the only reason I would not want him was that I had taken a lover. What rot. Through the entirety of our relationship, I have never once stepped out on him. Of course, I have had my temptations, but I always remembered my duty to my husband and children. Cheating, in my opinion, is a truly despicable action. He knows this. 


In his mind, he has decided that I have begun shagging a lad in our neighbourhood. Frankly, I found this to be even more insulting than the talk of cheating. The lad had been a child of seven when I first moved into this house. I have babysat him at times. I have a monthly card game with his mother. I have watched him grow up as he lived just a few houses away. I'm quite fond of him as he's a lovely lad. Still, the idea of engaging in a sexual relationship with him turns my stomach. 


Shrimpie, however, has created an elaborate story within his head. I am leaving him for a younger man and he will not have it. This is the real reason for our dead bedroom. It simply cannot be that I find the mere thought of his shrimp approaching my fanny to be nauseating. Pardon me, but I will not entertain this foolishness for a moment. He began getting very agitated, but he left when I asked him to. He will return for the rest of his possessions this weekend, and I firmly intend to have a police presence in my home while he does so. 



However, he swiftly changed his tune upon leaving and picking up on how furious I was with his insinuations. He said that perhaps I was not cheating after all. "You're old, bitter, and used up." The nerve of that man. I am in fabulous shape for my age. My tits are still capable of smothering a man to death despite their sagginess. And I may have endured menopause, but all that means is I've been given nature's birth control.



His insult is extremely offensive to me. I have a strong mind to seek out the nearest young buck (one whom I have not watched grow up) and shag him senseless. Then take pictures and send them to Shrimpie. Old and used up, my arse.
