# Shrimpie the Cockroach was a horrible husband and an even more horrible father

**Sub:** r/JustNoSO  
**Author:** u/LadyOfTheBlight  
**Score:** 2,806  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JustNoSO/comments/apjyfe/shrimpie_the_cockroach_was_a_horrible_husband_and/  

---

**Vent**


Since the decision to divorce Shrimpie, I have been running on rage, indignation, and scorn. I knew there was a lot that needed to be done and it all required an iron will. I needed him gone from my home so that he could no longer hurt my children. I needed to file for divorce and prepare legal documentation. I needed to protect my children. I needed to comfort my eldest son and make sure that he knew that none of this was his fault. 


This morning, the rage broke. I wept. I didn't want to get out of bed. I did because there were things that needed doing and somebody needed to do them, but I just wanted to stay there and just sleep. No matter how much I have roasted man in my posts these last few days, I loved that snivelling cockroach. I put everything I had into our marriage. I spent twenty-two years married to him. I endured his bint of a mother and his ridiculous family, and worst of all, I endured him. 


My only solace in this is that I always did right by my children. What did Shrimpie ever do other than donate his semen towards their conception? Nothing. He did nothing. I was their mother and their father from the day my daughter was born. Shrimpie was a career man, you see, and it was so hard for him to actually contribute to anything.  It was a challenge to get him to so much as mow the bloody lawn. I had it easy, apparently. I was home all day so I shouldn't expect him to help. Nevermind that I raised my children, kept my house, and worked from home to do it. 


On the subject of the children, there's a reason that none of them give a rat's arse about him. There's a reason they don't want to speak to him. It's not just that he stood by the bint who assaulted their brother and mother. It's because he was **never** there when they needed him. 


He doesn't even know what sports the lads play. He doesn't know the name of our eldest daughter's husband. He doesn't know because he never took a bloody interest in the things that they could do better than him. Or, his favourite excuse: "They don't want to learn." No. They don't want to learn from someone who refused to see their point of view. When my daughter wanted to learns the basics of repairing the car, he drove to her to tears because he refused to let her do it her way. I'll give you an example. Suppose you can get from Point A to Point B by taking either routes C or D. Shrimpie believed in route C, and if any of the children tried to take route D, he'd get very loud and angry and call them stupid. The number of times that I had to step in and keep his nonsense at bay is beyond count. 


The beauty of this whole complex of his is that they are all better than he is. He hates it. It emasculates him. He is an utter twat because everything in the world emasculated him and made him insecure. Our eldest son had his nudes leaked by an ex-boyfriend. They circulated around his school. As his parents, we rained down fire and blood on the ex. And, when the dust settled, Shrimpie was emasculated and insecure because he said our son had a bigger banger than he did. For heaven's sake, I hadn't even taken notice that's not what you look at when something like that happens. I glanced at the photos in the headmaster's office once just to confirm that they were indeed my son and never looked at them again. 


You son of a bitch, Shrimpie. You absolute son of a bitch. 


"Tell the children to answer my calls and stop being ungrateful." He texted me that this morning. Ungrateful? What did Shrimpie ever do that warranted actual gratitude from them? He did the barest minimum, the things you expect any person to just do, such as pay for food and drive them to doctor's appointments, but where was he when our eldest daughter fell down the stairs and spent the week in hospital? Where was he when our youngest son wanted to learn how to shave? Where was he when our youngest daughter broke her leg? Where was he? Oh, that's right. He was at his bint mother's house kissing her fanny. 


This is to say nothing of the years of abuse from his mother that he rarely, if ever, defended me from. All the missed birthdays, anniversaries, Valentines, and Christmas. It's nothing to each and every day when I was worn thin and just wanted to breathe for a moment, and he demanded I do something for him around the house. The dishes need washing. The laundry needs drying. The fridge needs clearing out. The bedsheets need a wash. On and on and on and on and on. 


And, these past few days without him? I assumed it would be bad. The break of routine and having him there should have taken a toll. Yet, it was a relief. It was so much more peaceful. The children and I didn't have to walk on eggshells. We played games he didn't approve off and laughed at the top of our lungs. I impressed my sons in a game of Cards Against Humanity. It was a family that was happy with the weight gone from our shoulders. 


Twenty-two years of marriage, and all I feel at him being gone is relief and happiness. Isn't that a bit sad, all things considered?
