# I decided I'm keeping the baby. DH was not happy at first. Now things are different.

**Sub:** r/JustNoSO  
**Author:** u/Becky_Lynch55  
**Score:** 2,707  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JustNoSO/comments/asoe0r/i_decided_im_keeping_the_baby_dh_was_not_happy_at/  

---

First off thank you once again for all the messages of support that I've received since my first post. This has been a truly difficult time. Again I'm the DIL whose birth control was tampered with causing me to become pregnant. I've decided with the help of several of you to name her Hole Puncher. I feel like its straight to the point. I posted on Justnomil yesterday, but it was removed by mods because I suspect there wasn't enough MIL in here as this mostly had to do with DH/SO. So here I am with mostly the same post. Something new happened last night which I will explain in this post. 

As you may recall DH and I are 100% childfree people and had absolutely no plans to ever have kids. We have talked about the possibility of keeping this kid, but I can tell he wants me to have an abortion. He just hasn't actually come out and said it. I've been on the fence because I don't like the notion of having an abortion. Today however is a different day because with the knowledge a little one is inside me, things have changed. My motherly instinct has taken over it seems like and I want to keep this baby and watch him/her grow up. It's been almost three weeks since I found out so I've had plenty of time to think and feel about everything that will come with keeping this baby.

I told this to my DH yesterday and he stood quiet for what seemed like an eternity and simply said "Ok." He's clearly unhappy with my decision, but is willing to accept it. He didn't speak to me for the rest of the night as he mostly kept quiet and to himself and fell asleep early. I'm really in a bad place right now because I feel like I just ruined our lives. I don't want to abort nor do I want to give this baby up for adoption. I've decided that I do want to 100% have this baby and raise it. 

Hole Puncher will never meet or see this kid. We will no longer be having any contact with that woman. I know it's going to be hard keeping the pregnancy a secret from her for a long time, but we will do our best. DH and I plan to meet with an attorney soon to see if Hole Puncher has any sort of rights to our baby. I really doubt it but we need to be sure. 

At the moment she is dealing with something on her own because apparently someone threw a rock through her window in the middle of the night. She lives alone so this apparently really shook her up. DH and I have no idea who this was and at the moment there are no suspects. Hole Puncher left DH a message about it last week when it happened around 3am in the morning, but he didn't see the message until the next day because he was ignoring her. 

That's how things were as of two nights ago. DH did something yesterday that surprised me and showed me why he is the best man in the world. DH stayed at work late yesterday and I thought at first he needed some time. DH then comes home with a box of my favorite chocolates and some flowers. He sat me down and we had probably the most important conversation of our relationship. He told me he's been thinking about everything since I got pregnant. DH told me that he sincerely from the bottom of his heart and soul wants to have this kid with me and be his father and be there with us. He said he's never had any intention of leaving me and that sure this isn't how we planned this out, but he isn't going anywhere. 

I was in tears the entire time he spoke. I told him that therapy was something we should do to fully process our feelings together. I told him I feel like a traitor and he told me to be quiet and kissed me. He said we are in this together forever. For better or for worse. 

Thank you all again for the kind words. Finally something positive has happened in all this mess. I saw once again why DH is the man I married and my soulmate.
