# Shrimpie the Cockroach learns that children can cut you off

**Sub:** r/JustNoSO  
**Author:** u/LadyOfTheBlight  
**Score:** 2,701  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JustNoSO/comments/ary1r7/shrimpie_the_cockroach_learns_that_children_can/  

---

Life went tits over taint when my monstrous bint of a MiL slapped my eldest son for pecking his boyfriend and my cockroach husband took her side. I'm currently in the midst of divorce, and the JustNo subs have begun my place of support and venting. 


I have mentioned before in several comments that Shrimpie burned a great many of his bridges with our eldest daughter by being firmly wedged up his mother's fanny. When my daughter had her child, she was quite firm with us all. Shrimpie's mother was not allowed to see or be near the child. Shrimpie brought his mother over regardless, and there was a rather large ruckus on the front lawn of my daughter's home as her husband and she forced them both to leave. Since then, Shrimpie is only allowed to visit them once a month. With the knowledge that our daughter would defend her boundaries like the Amazon I had raised, he didn't argue further and accepted this. In contract, I was invited over for dinner once a week. After dinner, I would unusually babysit to give my daughter and her husband a small bit of quiet time together. 


Yesterday was meant to be Shrimpie's day to visit our daughter and granddaughter. However, I had been invited over along with my mother and sister as my daughter wanted to spend time with them whilst they are in the UK. When Shrimpie arrived, I decided it was best for us to take our leave. I have no intention of coming between my children and my STBX, and if they wish to see him, they are within their rights to. However, my eldest would not allow Shrimpie into her home. 


Shrimpie had been disinvited, I learned, due to his behavior. My daughter is a very matriarchal young woman, and she was horrified by Shrimpie refusing to support my eldest son after he was assaulted. Shrimpie's further behavior didn't help in the slightest, and my daughter and her husband have made up their mind that they'd prefer people whose love is conditional on bowing to an elderly harridan are not welcome around their child. 


To Shrimpie's horror, this meant that he would not be given his monthly visitation. "I'm your father, you have to, I helped bring you into this world." Much of what he yelled from outside amounted to this. "You're a disrespectful girl and you're just making these worse by not acting maturely." My sister was quite tickled by his rant. 
At this point, my mother was ready to barge out of the house and shoo him away with her cane, but my daughter said that she needed no assistance on the situation. She went outside, and she had a conversation with Shrimpie. It amounted to her asking him what he would do if, by some miracle, Devil Dadi was alive when my grandchild was old enough to realise that they are non-traditional in their gender or sexuality. Shrimpie countered that this was a strawman as our grandchild was still a baby. My daughter doubled down and asked the question again. What would he do if Devil Dadi assaulted her child? 


His silence spoke volumes, but her shaking her head and turning away spoke more. I confess to feeling pity as I watched him dejectedly slink back to his car. I know that very deep down, there is a man who is not his mother's slave, but he let the umbilical cord become his noose. He refuses to see what is wrong, he refuses to distance himself from her, and he refuses to allow us to distance ourselves by bringing her over as often as he can. There is very little left in him that is not his mother's puppet, and he has shown his arse over the years, more and more. 


This was not about my relationship with him, as that was past the point of saving. This was about his relationship with his eldest child and his first grandchild. A part of me had a sliver of hope that he would at least make the attempt for them, if not for me. In my son-in-law's words, however, we're all better off without Shrimpie in our lives.
