# People who haven't pooped in 2019 yet, why are you still holding on to last years shit?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/ShoddySubstance  
**Score:** 202,717  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/ablzuq/people_who_havent_pooped_in_2019_yet_why_are_you/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/NaziGazpacho** (44,225 points)

It's all I have

**u/KixStar** (34,307 points)

I caught a diarrhea stomach bug and have been either in bed or on the toilet since about 7pm New Year's Eve. It's now 22 hours later and I'm still trying to let go of all of last year's shit. Someone send help.

**u/abksploder** (31,890 points)

Bold of you to assume I'm going to take a shit this year.

**u/ThreeSheetzToTheWind** (27,608 points)

"Fuck you, I won't poo when you tell me"

**u/Lady_Minuit** (26,449 points)

Everyone now thinking about the last time they pooped. Nicely played.

**u/PrinceofallRabbits** (25,998 points)

I’m letting go right now as I type.

**u/groggy05** (24,199 points)

Quality shitpost

**u/DadAsFuck** (20,192 points)

i’m constipated 

Edit: Free Bobby Shmurda

**u/adsadsadsadsads** (17,967 points)

We have guests and I literally can't relax.

**u/Krazekami** (16,030 points)

Rage Against The Latrine

Edit: I cant believe my first gold is a shitty pun. Thanks everyone and Happy New Year!

**u/Fushigibama** (15,684 points)

Let’s see who can go the longest in 2019 without taking a shit

Edit: This blew up..

**u/junk-trunk** (15,191 points)

...huh.. i just realized i haven't pooped today.

Edit: obligatory thanks for the gold n' sliver. And my most upvoted comment is about poopin'  #hashtag!!1! blessed

**u/guiltparade_** (13,600 points)

r/opiates is probably gonna win that one.

**u/ShoddySubstance** (11,928 points)

Good, time to take that 2019 air in

**u/ShoddySubstance** (10,835 points)

it's time to [let go](https://youtu.be/L0MK7qz13bU?t=67)

**edit** reddit silver for a 2013 meme, what a time to be alive

**u/ButtholeLinoleum** (10,812 points)

I've been pissing out my ass all fuckin day.

**u/ShoddySubstance** (6,708 points)

bottling it up is not healthy!

**u/Poem_for_your_sprog** (6,695 points)

I will not give.  
I will not go.  
I will not drop the bait below.  
I will not dump.  
I will not do.  
I will not force a number two.  

I will not press.  
I will not push.  
I will not lay my puckered tush.   
I will not pop  
a squat, to wit:  
I will not shart.  
I will not shit.

My stool is cool.  
My deuce is dear.  
It's all that's left of yesteryear.  
You think I will,  
but I will not.

I must not poop.  

It's all I've got.

**u/ShoddySubstance** (6,168 points)

make a pot a coffee and give it 10 minutes

**edit** thanks for the gold!

**u/sweatybeard** (5,676 points)

But when I finally do, it'll be the years biggest shit ^^^^^so ^^^^^far

**u/ShoddySubstance** (5,192 points)

**F**

**u/dawndollygolden** (5,187 points)

Ahhh, I see I'm not the only one with poop anxiety

**u/FreakyRik** (4,858 points)

That made me fucking laugh so hard. Why is this shit so funny, fuck I am such a manchild.

edit: thanks for my first gold kind stranger, Happy new year!

**u/summerwasting** (4,404 points)

Aw man what a terrible way to spend NYE! I hope you feel better soon bud!

**u/Quinthyll** (4,375 points)

I don't know, the content is really only about crap from last year.
