# What if God came down one day and said "It's pronounced 'Jod' then left?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/esi_disi  
**Score:** 195,832  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/iwedc5/what_if_god_came_down_one_day_and_said_its/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/tealhouse** (49,512 points)

“I recognize the council has made a decision, but given that it’s a stupid-ass decision, I’ve elected to ignore it.”

**u/tacknosaddle** (46,603 points)

A large chunk of my taking the lord's name in vain would go away.

**u/NiceBeaver2018** (34,200 points)

#Joddamnit.

**u/glossolalienne** (28,494 points)

Do you want a Holy War? Because that's how you get a Holy War.

**u/BarkerDrums** (23,551 points)

Does that mean Jesus would be pronounced Geezus?

**u/torta-di-luna** (22,256 points)

We’d be like, “No way!” and he’d be like, “Yahweh.”

edit: holy shit, y’all are making my day

**u/DeactivatedDavid** (20,665 points)

Jod knows what was in your heart when you said it.

**u/PM-Me-Your-TitsPlz** (16,407 points)

Then all of Scandinavia will pronounce it like "Yod" and the Spanish will pronounce it like "Hod"

**u/NotNinjalord5** (15,680 points)

You'd have different religious factions arguing that they're right and the other is wrong

Oh wait

**u/tacknosaddle** (14,427 points)

Jod Dammit!

**u/zman0900** (8,183 points)

Gesus fucking christ.

**u/Finondir** (8,128 points)

The next Great Schism will be caused by a GIF/JIF style argument, that figures

**u/AnotherReignCheck** (7,983 points)

For jod's sake!

**u/Sed_Said** (7,634 points)

He would also say, “my name isn’t God” then he would pronounce his name and everyone’s faces would melt.

**u/KittenChopper** (7,290 points)

I would be converted


Edit: thanks for the upvotes and awards guys!=D

**u/Vanillibeen** (7,239 points)

I was going to go with "My Jod, he's right!". But yours is better.  Better by far, Joddamit.

**u/Zuphixavex** (6,435 points)

I just had a brainfart, I know this was a Samuel L Jackson line, but I just spent 10 minutes trying to figure out when Mace Windu says this, isn't he influential in the council???

IT'S NICK FUCKING FURY FML

**u/The_DragonDuck** (6,323 points)

Omj this thread

**u/Dutch_Midget** (5,957 points)

What if Satan came down one day and said ''It's pronounced 'Zlatan' then left?

**u/DoomSlayer_** (5,271 points)

The punishment due?

**u/Plethora_of_squids** (4,510 points)

This then pisses some people off because jod is also how you pronounce dirt.

**u/kirandoriya7** (4,304 points)

Ohh Jodd !!!!

**u/SilentR0b** (4,051 points)

*What if Jod was one of us?*

**u/chasesan** (3,944 points)

Yohowihi

Edit: I honestly have no idea why people are upvoting this.

**u/SyntaxRex** (3,827 points)

Not to be THAT guy, but I'm pretty sure it's pronounced "AJnostic."
