# How would you feel about a feature where if someone upvotes a crosspost, the original post is upvoted automatically?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/Ka1-  
**Score:** 183,206  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/draola/how_would_you_feel_about_a_feature_where_if/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/samoyedboi** (41,559 points)

what about subs that crosspost from other subs to mock them?

**u/jigglywigglybuff** (35,393 points)

The karmaceutical companies would be outraged.

**u/StoryDrive** (18,253 points)

Yeah, I was hoping someone had already commented this. I'd hate to upvote a critique of something I disagree with only for the despicable thing to also get upvoted.

**u/skimble-skamble** (13,441 points)

You could easily abuse this and force crossposted content to the top of smaller, laxly moderated subs that no one in that community actually wants to see.

**u/TheEnKrypt** (8,479 points)

Let's hope Big Karma doesn't hear about this then. We really need to do something about Unidan Shkreli smh.

**u/KameronGaming_HQ** (6,732 points)

Would prevent karma theft

**u/AztraChaitali** (5,643 points)

you'd just have to go to the original post and downvote it there.

**u/mealzer** (4,633 points)

But would that also down vote the one you liked?

I can't believe how many ways y'all can say the exact same thing in different words

**u/NotEnoughGingerBeer** (3,369 points)

I was thinking along those lines. A lot of subs only want fitting content upvoted, but drama, and cringe-type subreddits in particular could cause the wrong content being pushed to the top.

**u/ivvix** (3,344 points)

shit

**u/phaeton83** (3,270 points)

It would be weird to see a post in a smaller subreddit with thousands of points just because it got crossposted somewhere more popular.

**u/wildcat2065** (1,873 points)

Had that happend to me once but I stole the karma. Still feel bad

**u/veryspecificpurpose** (1,635 points)

It's updoots all the way down

Also it's downdoots all the way up...?

Edit: I accidentally a word

**u/Degg19** (1,468 points)

I miss unidan. It was always a treat seeing his comments :/ ever since his scandal went down I havent seen any accounts like his since. Havent even seen poem for a sprog around either

**u/eternalrefuge86** (1,394 points)

Everything’s made up and the points don’t matter

**u/is_it_controversial** (1,227 points)

you didn't think this through, did you.

**u/pewqokrsf** (960 points)

Karma farm accounts would abuse the shit out of it.

Right now they'll take a popular post and crosspost it to 10 or so subs, and get 10x the upvotes.  If each of those is a crosspost, then it would be conservatively 19x upvotes, or up to 55x the upvotes (depending on how crossposts of crossposts work).

Also it would flood the front page with identical posts that are all just crossposts of each other.

**u/ItsRainbow** (936 points)

/thread

The only way to get around this is to not affect the post score but still give them karma directly.

**u/ganzgpp1** (924 points)

Sprog is still active! I saw a fresh poem yesterday!

**u/HookDragger** (798 points)

Will totally lead to abuse

**u/Wepwawet-hotep** (778 points)

There seems to be a problem with Reddit that some people use it to see specific, community focused things while others are looking for broader, more generic entertainment. The second group seems to slowly erode the identity of any sufficiently popular sub to eventually just have nothing but the same content all the other subs have. Such a system would only further that process.

**u/Ka1-** (673 points)

I dunno. I guess it could be a toggle thing

**u/lalakingmalibog** (636 points)

Karmawhores like me spend our hard-earned karma points on scuba diving lessons. Gotta learn how to swim coz we're absolutely drowning in pussy.

But fr tho. I ain't bout that life no more. I'm quietly and happily retired in a very quiet corner of reddit coz my chainwax couldn't handle the pussy anymore.

**u/Anianna** (538 points)

If subs can choose to use the feature or not use it, that shouldn't be an issue.
