# How would you feel about a "if you accidentally scroll to the top, you can go back to where you were," button for Reddit?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/Cheap_Double9726  
**Score:** 181,200  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/kr8op6/how_would_you_feel_about_a_if_you_accidentally/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Pugkin5405** (40,553 points)

Found this after accidentally losing my place and starting at the top. Give me my place back, Reddit!

**u/HerbieVerSmelles4247** (18,342 points)

How would you feel about this question being asked again, just formatted differently?

**u/Conway2709** (7,267 points)

*Laughs in Apollo*

**u/Odin_Allfathir** (6,116 points)

For some reason, reddit cannot be reached when loading the area you were at previously, and thus something went wrong with the scrolling back. Just don't panic!

**u/Brownrdan27** (4,259 points)

Once a week it seems.

**u/big_rod_of_power** (3,773 points)

Was about to come comment this too!

**u/Coltsfan1887** (3,467 points)

Why does this get upvoted in r/askReddit? It's something that everyone would either very much like to have, or would not mind having. No point in asking these questions here imo

**u/beluuuuuuga** (3,196 points)

'specially when I'm down 500 pages from top of all after about 4 days of grinding it that far only to lose it all from an accidental computer shut down

**u/TreborG2** (2,496 points)

It's not just that kind of a problem with Reddit, ever have a notification on your phone from Reddit you go to view the Reddit item and regardless of whether you tap back at the bottom of your Android phone or tap the arrow at the top of the post, it takes you completely out of reddit

Or the accidental too many backs and it does a refresh, not only losing your place in Reddit but completely replacing all of the stuff in Reddit with the then current information.

Such refresh operations should only be user requested, or at the very least an option to prompt you, are you sure you want to refresh, for those of us that find this happening often enough to be frustrating.

**u/ChrisThePiss_** (2,359 points)

obligatory /r/apolloapp plug

used a number of reddit clients on the iphone over the years, and apollo is by far my favorite. lots of customizability, no ads, plus the dev seems like an alright dude. definitely recommend

**u/beluuuuuuga** (2,185 points)

Gotta whore a karma or two.

**u/anteriino** (1,793 points)

can i post this question next week? mum said it’s my turn.

**u/beluuuuuuga** (1,683 points)

Apparently this is a big thing. Same here.

**u/pseudowoodo_x** (1,544 points)

i also really hate, when on mobile, if you are scrolling through the comments and your finger rests on the screen too long, or you accidentally press too hard, and it collapses the comment thread, so then you have to uncollapse the thread and then scroll potentially through dozens of comments to get back to what you were reading... so goddamn frustrating. sometimes i just say fuck it and lose all interest in the thread because it keeps happening over and over and over. is there a way to disable it that i’m just too dumb to be aware of, or do i just have to deal with it?

**u/beluuuuuuga** (1,282 points)

Sometimes when I back out of a thread and I move down to quickly with my finger the screen spazzes out and goes lime 10 posts away up or down. It's a long haul to get back to where you were.

**u/RealnyMail** (979 points)

Why am i seeing this post for at least a third time

**u/[deleted]** (872 points)

Better suited to r/ideasfortheadmins

**u/tacojohn48** (851 points)

It's not even an interesting question. Who would be against such a button? This is like an upvote for feature request.

**u/Brownrdan27** (769 points)

18 gifts for them at the moment.

**u/big_rod_of_power** (740 points)

Pretty funny how that's what happened to me and I saw this post though...it's fate!

**u/MsPearI** (734 points)

pain.

**u/SoManyTimesBefore** (710 points)

It’s a perfect 5/7

**u/incenseandelephants** (557 points)

I’m waiting for it to show up in r/unpopularopinion

**u/Majestymen** (535 points)

For fucks sake stop asking this damn question. It doesn't even belong in this sub

**u/DazedNConfucious** (454 points)

I came here looking for this comment
