# Would you watch a show where a billionaire CEO has to go an entire month on their lowest paid employees salary, without access to any other resources than that of the employee? What do you think would happen?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/txhorns1330  
**Score:** 177,186  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/f08dxb/would_you_watch_a_show_where_a_billionaire_ceo/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/HunterSG1** (48,306 points)

3 months minimum and I'd watch it

Thanks for the gold!!

**u/Eggmatros** (37,385 points)

There was this similar themed show in Hongkong and Mainland China years ago.

They swapped billionare with bottom feeders, let the rich do the basical job, on the lowest salary, to see how far the rich could go by purely their own effort. 

Nearly all of the billionare admitted that they could not make anywhere, regardless of how hard they worked, even working without sleeping and resting could not give you any accumulation to help climb up to the higher level of the society.

There was only despair, and admission that the divide between the poor and the rich is already a deep valley and mere personal effort makes little sense.

It stirred big debate among the society back then, and I think that was part of the reaons the show got cancelled .

There was also another show in China, swapping senior political figures with community level council workers, to see how good they could do in each other's posts. The mayors were flooded by the angry mobs who kept asking for more and more benefits that were impossible to fullfil, by the end had to admit the amount of work at basic community level was too much to archieve anywhere.

The show also got cancelled quite soon after a few episodes.

**u/Fuck-de-Tories** (27,989 points)

With problem scenarios thrown in.

*broken down car
*tube strike 
*dodgy boiler
*sick child 

The wheels would come off pretty quickly

**u/LukeCloudStalker** (24,836 points)

I love Reality shows so I'd watch it depending on who produces it. 

If it's too fake, with too many "emotional" moments, advertising and people shouting, I'm out.

**u/Dannypan** (12,568 points)

It’s more than just the money. It’s the lack of security these people endure. Not knowing if you’ll lose your job tomorrow and having no savings. Being kicked out of your home. An unexpected bill you can’t afford, which may lead to increasing debt. 

Putting these rich people in a “poor” lifestyle for a month isn’t enough. Even if they lost their money and homes, they’ll have such a huge network that they’ll be back on their feet in the time it takes for us peons to earn enough to eat for a week. They can never truly understand what it’s like to be poor or ever face that reality again. 

So what would happen? It’d be a completely self-serving advert about how “now I realise that we need to do more for our employees.” The workers get a small vanity bonus, probably give an immigrant worker with limited English a car, pat themselves on the back. Then two weeks later, we’ve all forgotten about the show and they’ll go back to their old ways.

**u/squigs** (9,226 points)

They'd be fine.

The problem with poverty is not usually day-to-day costs. People can adjust to that.  It's unexpected expenses that are crippling.

~~*Edit: Why are people still responding two weeks later! Nobody is reading this thread any more! At least not the responses at the bottom*~~ (Edit2: rant was too whiney. If you have something to say, who am I to say otherwise?)

**u/insertstalem3me** (9,182 points)

Well with a broken down car, the wheels have already come off

**u/theacemaverick** (8,378 points)

It would be incredibly self-serving and boring. They would never truly experience what it is like to be in the precarious position of a minimum wage employee living hand-to-mouth and the 'novelty' is just salt in the wound. 

It would be more interesting to see the reverse.

**u/_rightClick_** (6,918 points)

I doubt a month is enough to really feel the effect

**u/Ouchglassinbutt** (6,750 points)

I fucking HATE that “emotional moment” bullshit.  Kitchen nightmares and bar rescue used to be great now I can’t even watch them. 
Same with undercover boss.

**u/karnyboy** (5,933 points)

Don't forget the pay rent or buy food dilemma scenario.

**u/AUSinUSA** (5,585 points)

If you haven’t seen it, I’d recommend “The Act of Killing”.

It’s a documentary following an elderly man who was once a member of an government sanctioned anti-communist death squad in Indonesia. Now, the commies are defeated, he’s celebrated in his own country.

There’s a scene where they had him do a mock up of a torture/execution method he had used. He asked production to hold because he found it traumatic. In a very raw moment, he asks the question, “is this what my victims were feeling in their last moments?”

The producer responds, “no, what your victims were feeling was much worse, because you were able to ask us to stop, and they knew there was no escape.”

You can see in a couple of seconds it changes the guy’s whole world view. 

I would imagine a billionaire who has been rich for most or all of their adult life, equally, would have trouble conceiving of the dread of inescapable poverty.

**u/Pilot_Threwaway** (5,090 points)

The show is called 窮富翁大作戰 in Cantonese.

This [Youtube playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJ1ZUuSgrus&amp;list=PLpoGQ9g9HD7q3HZzrRlvZEeaY13WsFTBv) has all three seasons of the show in a single playlist. It is entirely in Cantonese without English subs though.

Radio Television Hong Kong (RTHK), the producer of the series, revisited some of the people in the show and did a few follow up episodes. You can find those [here](https://www.youtube.com/user/RTHK/search?query=%E7%AA%AE%E5%AF%8C%E7%BF%81%E5%A4%A7%E4%BD%9C%E6%88%B0).

EDIT: for those looking for English subs, another kind redditor found a [playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EMZmF-39YA&amp;list=PLDF22B83FCEEB9630) for the version broadcasted in English and commented on the video itself.

**u/Loopyprawn** (5,021 points)

And after that, you've still gotta show up to work and put on a happy face or get 3 different earfulls from your 3 different bosses.

**u/Jindabyne1** (4,967 points)

X-Factor- Singer: “I can’t sing but my granny died an hour ago and told me to follow my dream.”

Hosts: “You son of a bitch, I’m in!”

**u/FreeDependent9** (4,839 points)

What's the show? And are there ways to find it online?

**u/[deleted]** (4,444 points)

Sure. They would never do that though, because then they would have to admit that they don't pay a living wage.

**u/SirauloTRantado** (3,947 points)

Let's also add in the housing loan bill being overdue and now they're just a couple of days away from being dragged out of their homes.

**u/tallandlanky** (3,814 points)

This comment reminds me that I only have like, 6 more decades until I finally die.

**u/Xeptix** (3,326 points)

Most important, the editing isn't the absolute most obnoxious thing imaginable. INTENSE MUSIC and CHOP CUT-CHOP CUT-SWOOSH NOISE-CHOP CUT, DON'T GO AWAY BECAUSE AFTER COMMERCIALS KITCHEN. GETS. REAL. DANGER. EXPLOSION. 
*waiter throws something* COOKING. NEVER. MORE. EMOTIONAL. *woman crying* RAMSAY. JUST. CAN'T. *shot of ramsay walking out the door while calling someone a donkey* LOUD NOISE, KNIVES ON SCREEN, FIRE IN BACKGROUND. AAHHHHH- car insurance commercial

**u/SenorBeef** (3,191 points)

Undercover Boss is pure fucking dystopian propaganda. Oh, yes your lives suck, but one of you gets a small one time lottery win by being the token poor person chosen to get some false heartwarming bullshit while there’s no actual positive change for anyone. Doesn’t that feel good everyone? Your rich rulers learned a lesson about your miserable lives! Barf.

**u/Slovenhjelm** (3,073 points)

Solved that one years ago. Just buy ramen noodles and eat two packs of that every day until youre caught back up on rent.

Ezpz.

**u/TequilaJohnson** (2,902 points)

Have you ever watched the OG British kitchen nightmares? He goes in, teaches them how to improve their food, teaches them how to manage a buisness then does a bit of advertising.

&amp;#x200B;

He is a lot meaner to us than the americans.

**u/ybfelix** (2,876 points)

And a camera team changes everything. I won’t trust doing business with a random nobody, but a guy in suit with a whole production team following him? That’s a different story. That’s why “reality shows” are intrinsically just shows

**u/shaving99** (2,546 points)

He's the head of Amazon

"Hi I'm Jeff Bezos"

She's a low level greeter at Walmart

"Have a great day"

Put them together in the same apartment

"Jeff, we're out of toilet paper, go to Dollar General and grab some!"

"How much can that cost? Like $10,000 a roll?"

Coming this season to ABC: Perfectly Unbalanced

Starring Elon Musk as The Next door neighbor

Elon: Jeff have you ever wanted to go to space?

Jeff: If I did the ship would look like my dick

*canned laughter*
