# How would you feel about having a mandatory class in high school that teaches about budgeting, handling or avoiding debt, making good investments, signing important documents, job interviews, and other important adult life skills?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/KJ_RD  
**Score:** 172,613  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/78qifg/how_would_you_feel_about_having_a_mandatory_class/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/degrassisuperfan** (25,089 points)

I'd feel like it would be useful, except high school students don't give a shit about that stuff, won't pay attention, and will only do enough to pass whatever tests they're given and then forget everything.

**u/optimaloutcome** (18,815 points)

I had an experience like this my senior year.  The guy who taught various math, and the senior econ class was also the girls basketball team coach.  Every year, when basketball season started, the first few weeks he'd just put a movie on for every class and focus on his basketball stuff.  It was awesome.

Senior year he decided to play a bunch of episodes of a show called 20/20 that focused on the dangers of credit card debt, and how credit card companies entrapped college kids.  Once we got back in to lectures, he talked about expenses of rent, utilities, etc, and what, at that time, we needed to make an hour to support ourselves.  He covered various other financial topics. 

Most valuable class I have ever had.  I emailed him earlier this year finally to thank him for that class.

**u/A_Sightstone** (16,185 points)

All of the highschools in my area have a class like this. The problem is that everyone is still a kid and majority of people don't take it seriously and in turn has became kind of a joke. Plus they add a lot of modules that don't have anything to do with real life which takes away from the seriousness of it.

**u/TheGreensKeeper420** (10,928 points)

I had 2 elective classes like this in high school. One was called introduced to finance, and it was check book balancing, budgeting, income, taxes, and depreciation basically. Then I took "life choices" where you learned about renters rights, leases, planning for children and stuff like that.

They were fun classes for me, and the teachers were cool. I'm glad they were broken up into 2 classes though

**u/Unintended_Hamlet** (6,515 points)

My high school had this, and this was more or less my experience. Starting to live on my own four years later, the general trend for stuff on that class seems to be "learned it in high school, forgot it in college, re-learn it as I need it".

That being said, I think it's still been valuable to know what I need to re-learn/ not be going through everything completely in the dark.

**u/ifthisaintme** (5,394 points)

This was the last unit of my math class my senior year. My teacher started it off by saying “this is one of the only things you’ll learn in my class that you’ll use in the real world”.

**u/show_me_ur_fave_rock** (4,797 points)

My school had something similar but not only did the students not take it seriously, the staff didn't take it seriously either. All we did was play the board game Life and watch random educational films produced in the 90s.

**u/Taodragons** (3,360 points)

My daughter took a "financial math" class in her senior year. Taught her about taxes and credit and budgeting. The downside is she learned about compound interest, so she is playing Overwatch in my basement rather than racking up student loan debt like a proper millennial.

If your school doesn't offer something like that, Dave Ramsey has a teen program. A little jesusy for me, but better than the zero instruction I received.

**u/Cownye** (3,161 points)

Had a class like this in High School called money and me, and because the teacher was so good and engaging, it made every one want to pay attention and succeed because she made it seem like she was really just wanting us to be successful. She even had her own currency system in the class where you could earn money by answering in class questions, extra credit, etc. and she allowed you to spend it on candy and snacks or you could be responsible with it and save a lot for bonus points on homework and exam. I loved the class and learned a lot, even inspired me to major in business

**u/mrbibs350** (2,798 points)

Even in college I never used any calculus.

Algebra will get you through 95% of a non physics/engineering degree.

Edit: Econ majors use calculus more than civil engineers.

Edit 2: Econ majors never use calculus.

Edit 3: Econ majors decide amongst yourselves how often you need calculus and get back to me. I'm tired of making edits.

**u/seen720** (2,607 points)

Make it earlier. Teenagers could care less. Engrain it into their minds earlier, so it's as natural as having to learn math or science. 

God I wish I had that kind of class, but I CAN tell you that the mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell!

**u/only9mm** (2,591 points)

That teacher is a good teacher, and if the students aren't going to college, then it's incredibly true.

**u/baxendale** (1,846 points)

We had the same thing. A very small school so our home economics teacher actually taught the intro accounting class, and our history/social studies teacher taught finance. Toward the middle of the year after we learned basics we had a stock market game. We all had a fake amount of starting money and had to invest and follow the actual stocks.

This was mid 90s so we had to use the newspaper and watch cspan. Still remember the look on my dad's face the first morning I reached for the finance section instead of the comics

**u/redavid** (1,825 points)

My high school had such classes, I kind of assumed that was just a given that any high school would.

**u/MeowItAll** (1,522 points)

You should let her know that! It can be a tough job and I know that reaching out and letting former educators know the effect they had on you often makes a huge impact on them.

**u/snailmoresnail** (1,195 points)

This man speaks the truth. I'm an architect and people always say, oh, you must be good at math! Yeah, like i'm a pretty solid 9th grade level. And that pays my bills.

**u/ohmy1027** (1,195 points)

We had Consumer Math. It was a gimme class. If we brought the newspaper in on Thursday we got an A test grade that day. That teacher did taxes on the side for extra money so during tax season we literally just socialized during that hour so that she could do her other job. I do recall her teaching us how to complete a 1040EZ and how to keep a checkbook though.

**u/Trixietrue** (1,021 points)

I teach fifth grade and run my classroom on an economy: desk rent, taxes, hurricanes come through and those that don't have insurance owe big, kids can buy their desks, outsourcing (another student in another room does the job for a piece of candy instead of money), don't do your job? get fired, cover letters, 'debtors prison' ... it all relates back to when the colonies had a monarch. It's fun! The kids love it! Didn't do your homework? $100, please. Budgeting, wants and needs, spending: all are covered as part of classroom management.

**u/kmatts** (918 points)

Yeah,  because that pottery class I took where everyone just made bongs was worth the funding :P

**u/frugalNOTcheap** (906 points)

&gt; Teenagers could care less.

So teenagers do care?

**u/Irish-lawyer** (895 points)

I had a class like this; most of these people don't give a shit, they were too busy complaining that school was a useless waste of time.

**u/Thor4269** (891 points)

So a completely optional class that few students would go to willingly? Sounds like it's not worth the funding (according to most school boards)

**u/ILaughAtFunnyShit** (841 points)

We played the same game at my high school. I learned first hand how stupid it is to put all your eggs in 1 basket when I invested my entire 100k in 1 company that went bankrupt a few days later.

**u/BearBong** (802 points)

I had a class like this, graduated in 2007. It was literally called "Life Skills" and taught you how to write checks / balance a budget, write a cover letter, interview techniques, etc. It would have been a cool class if the asshole baseball coach hadn't taught it (I SEE YOU MR DALE, your team always sucked. Also, you're not nearly as funny as you think you are. // whew that feels good to get off my chest 10 years later)

**u/PM_ME_GRAMMER_TIPS** (779 points)

Something like this should definitely be a required class. My mom doesn't believe me when I say we were never taught about doing taxes in high school.
