# Stan Lee has passed away at 95 years old

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/-eDgAR-  
**Score:** 164,426  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/9whgf4/stan_lee_has_passed_away_at_95_years_old/  

---

As many of you know today is day that many of us have dreaded. Stan Lee has passed away at the age of 95. He leaves behind a legacy of superheroes and stories that have touched many people's lives for decades. We wanted to make this thread to honor and remember this wonderful man, so please use it discuss his life, his work, [his cameos](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/RapidClearDungenesscrab-small.gif), etc and what they meant to you. 

Excelsior!

-The AskReddit mods

---

## Top Comments

**u/FastAndFrivolous** (11,568 points)

Was really hoping he'd get to see Avengers 4, but at least he did get to see and interact with his creations on the big screen.

RIP.

**u/ASzinhaz** (10,471 points)

His wife passed away not too long ago, too. It must have been lonely to all of a sudden be without his life partner...

**u/Kolo_ToureHH** (6,689 points)

Seriously, there was a thread in here I was reading earlier on today about who you can’t believe is still alive and someone mentioned Stan Lee. 

No frickin way.

**u/BlueSplash2020** (5,740 points)

He filmed his cameos years in advance just for this situation. He'll be in the next two for sure.

**u/DeezulWagon** (4,101 points)

Saw an article that said his next FIVE cameos are already filmed

**u/Iheartbulge** (3,590 points)

It’s possible to die of a broken heart. I hope he passed peacefully, at least. :(

**u/laddoessomestuff** (3,403 points)

Reminds me of when that guy on r/NoStupidQuestions killed Stephen Hawking.

**u/HumbleKingofEloHell** (2,928 points)

My Stan Lee story:



About 4-5 years ago I was in Chicago going to school for animation.

Comicon was in town but I had to work and didn’t have the money to go anyways.

Anyways I worked at Dunken Donutes and got good with the owner so I was basically his errand boy. 

I was delivering bagels and donutes to another store on foot. I was standing at the corner of wabash and another street, forgot the name, waiting for the light so I could catch a train to another part of downtown.

Next to me was this old man with white hair and shades. I am a pretty talkative person but instead I found myself just staring at him.

He caught me staring and raised his eyebrows at me. I apologized and explained that he just looked so familiar...


He winked at me and said, “I get that a lot.”

Turned and walked away. About an hour later I found out Stan Lee was in Chicago for that Comicon and I’ve been kicking myself ever since.

He was up there with Toriyama Akira and Hayao Miyazaki for me. The people I’ve always wanted to just sit down with and drink coffee.


I’d really like to hear yours too if you have them.

**u/slightlyalcoholic** (2,540 points)

Not only did this man create an empire that almost everyone loves, but he was a genuine man who just loved to see people smile. 

I had the pleasure of working under him for some pop culture conventions and all he wanted was to see fans smile and enjoy his legacy.  He loved to joke with those around him, and he would tease the ever loving hell out of everyone he could.  

I remember him using his motorised scooter to get around backstage and his poor assistant would speed walk to keep up with him, but he would just keep increasing the speed until she was running beside him. A wicked grin on his face the whole time. 

Or how he would constantly make his staff repeat themselves "what I didn't hear you!" Untill they had repeated themselves four times, witnessing that initially made me sad, thinking his hearing was poor, until he looks at me with that same grin and winks.  

My time with him was short, but I'm so glad I got it, this man changed my life before I even met him, and he made a huge impact when I did as well.   

RIP Stan.

**u/angela0040** (2,224 points)

Good bye to a great mind. Between him and Hawking it's been a terrible year. Both changed the world in their own ways.

**u/AmericanHoneycrisp** (2,075 points)

He was the highest grossing actor of all time if you include cameos and supporting actors!

**u/Seedlet** (1,713 points)

Well Barack Obama told me it was roughly 3,672

**u/TheAngryAlt** (1,615 points)

MODS, CAN WE PLEASE BAN THOSE "WHO IS STILL ALIVE" POSTS? THIS TRAGEDY COULD HAVE BEEN AVOIDED

**u/jaytrade21** (1,531 points)

I believe this happened to George Carlin as well. He was always in pretty good health despite his age, but he really started to show his age when she passed on.

**u/justintime06** (1,474 points)

I have a feeling that he filmed more than five.

**u/runebell** (1,340 points)

My story isn't as cool, but I got to see him up close at comic con. He passed by and some guy said, "Stan Lee you're awesome!" And he said "You're right." It was pretty funny.

**u/Themarshal2** (1,329 points)

Didn't another guy kill someone else that way?

EDIT:

Alright, Reddit killed ~~2~~ ~~3~~ 4 more people, 4Chan killed one and u/IronMermaiden killed one.

**u/Oscar_7** (1,263 points)

He probably did, dont worry

**u/sumlaetissimus** (1,214 points)

One of my buddies told me it was actually more like 65.

**u/jlobasso** (1,115 points)

I guess over the next few years we will see how many future cameos were filmed early. It will be nice to still see him and know that there is more to look forward to

**u/ElCap1tan2** (1,087 points)

One of my buddies was telling me that he filmed 10 in the last year alone. I have no official source on this but here’s hoping it’s true.

**u/RedHorseAgenda** (992 points)

Hopefully me

**u/dumbass_luggage** (953 points)

yeah, another "who can't you believe is still alive" ask reddit thread mentioned harper lee minutes/hours before she was announced dead..

**u/etymologynerd** (947 points)

The top 5 actors who have made the most combined money at the US box office:

Tom Hanks - $4.61 billion

Robert Downey, Jr. - $4.96 billion

Harrison Ford - $4.97 billion

Samuel L. Jackson - $5.75 billion

Stan Lee - $16.49 billion

**u/I_Don-t_Care** (926 points)

George carlin didnt die, he became part of the huge gas giant uranus.
May he forever pass gas
