# Bill Gates said, "I will always choose a lazy person to do a difficult job because a lazy person will find an easy way to do it." What's a real-life example of this?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/lauvnoodles  
**Score:** 154,305  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/himsju/bill_gates_said_i_will_always_choose_a_lazy/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/daithisfw** (64,092 points)

I knew a guy who had a low level data/reporting job. He had several daily/weekly work responsibilities, including a bunch of reports that needed quite a bit of tweaking from raw data to finished product. But like I said, low level.

We didn't find out until way later, but he had set up macros for each of his major responsibilities where he could. Once set up, he'd just run the macros to do his work, but then he'd (smartly) hold off on delivering the reports until just a little before the deadlines. 

He'd hit every assignment and was seen as reliable. He also would complain about the workload so people would leave him with that work. I doubt he did a full hour of work a day after he set up what he did.

Eventually he left the job for one with better pay. But damn did he work lazy. Also, he was smart not to reveal until the end, because had he told them about it he would have gotten a pat on the back and would have been given a whole other workload, on top of maintaining those macros/etc. Dude milked the job, not the other way around.

**u/Downvotesdarksouls** (55,757 points)

My brother gave  my oldest nephew 10 dollars a week if he did all his chores with out needing to be told or complaining.

One day he gets home early from work and sees. The neighbor kid tossing a bag in the trash.   He asks him what he is doing and the kid says he gets 5 bucks a week to take care of a few chores.


My nephew outsourced his chores.

**u/january21st** (34,741 points)

I plug clocks in at midnight so they're already set.

**u/TannedCroissant** (34,662 points)

Outsourcing *and* child labour?  This kids destined to be a Nike CEO one day

*NEPHEW IT* ✔️

**u/DLS3141** (33,490 points)

An older company had a person dedicated to “data entry” which boiled down to copying and pasting portions of data from text files into spreadsheet and formatting into a report. 

The person originally doing this job spent a full 40+ hours/week doing it, but was not very computer literate. When they retired, the company hired someone with actual skills. The new hire convinced management to let her work remotely after getting up to speed on the job. 

The first week at home was spent automating the entire job. The remainder of their multi-year tenure with the company was spent doing whatever they wanted save the 10-15 minutes weekly to run their program and to answer the odd email here and there. All while getting paid full salary and benefits. They actually had to add in a few errors now and then to make it seem realistic.

**u/john_C_random** (30,919 points)

I worked 'goods in' for an aircraft manufacturer as a summer job at university. Parts would arrive, we'd open them and key in all the details into a terminal. That bit was long winded. I discovered the terminal keyboard has assignable shortcuts, and set up a bunch of them for all the boilerplate such that keying in an item was about six keystrokes. Saved myself and my workmate hours every day, which we would spend pranking each other, other warehouse staff and staff at other sites.

**u/Sumjhumms** (30,390 points)

I'm doing it right now, automated data cleaning in Python. My coworkers don't know about it, so something that takes me 10 mins at most takes them 2 hours.

Edit. For everyone who says I should share my code, I have. I even set up a private GitHub space for my team. Some have taken it up, but others (including management) do not like it. I think they feel a little threatened.

**u/EarlyHemisphere** (29,135 points)

There's a [repo on Github](https://github.com/NARKOZ/hacker-scripts) containing code based on scripts that were used by a tech employee that his coworkers discovered after he left the company. Here's a summary of his shenanigans:

Edit: repo code is based on the story, not actually from this person

&gt;xxx: OK, so, our build engineer has left for another company. The dude was literally living inside the terminal. You know, that type of a guy who loves Vim, creates diagrams in Dot and writes wiki-posts in Markdown... If something - anything - requires more than 90 seconds of his time, he writes a script to automate that.  

&gt;xxx: So we're sitting here, looking through his, uhm, "legacy"  

&gt;xxx: You're gonna love this  

&gt;xxx: [smack-my-bitch-up.sh](https://github.com/NARKOZ/hacker-scripts/blob/master/smack-my-bitch-up.sh) \- sends a text message "late at work" to his wife (apparently). Automatically picks reasons from an array of strings, randomly. Runs inside a cron-job. The job fires if there are active SSH-sessions on the server after 9pm with his login.  

&gt;xxx: [kumar-asshole.sh](https://github.com/NARKOZ/hacker-scripts/blob/master/kumar-asshole.sh) \- scans the inbox for emails from "Kumar" (a DBA at our clients). Looks for keywords like "help", "trouble", "sorry" etc. If keywords are found - the script SSHes into the clients server and rolls back the staging database to the latest backup. Then sends a reply "no worries mate, be careful next time".  

&gt;xxx: [hangover.sh](https://github.com/NARKOZ/hacker-scripts/blob/master/hangover.sh) \- another cron-job that is set to specific dates. Sends automated emails like "not feeling well/gonna work from home" etc. Adds a random "reason" from another predefined array of strings. Fires if there are no interactive sessions on the server at 8:45am.  

&gt;xxx: (and the oscar goes to) [fucking-coffee.sh](https://github.com/NARKOZ/hacker-scripts/blob/master/fucking-coffee.sh) \- this one waits exactly 17 seconds (!), then opens a telnet session to our coffee-machine (we had no frikin idea the coffee machine is on the network, runs linux and has a TCP socket up and running) and sends something like sys brew. Turns out this thing starts brewing a mid-sized half-caf latte and waits another 24 (!) seconds before pouring it into a cup. The timing is exactly how long it takes to walk to the machine from the dudes desk.  

&gt;xxx: holy sh\*t I'm keeping those

**u/sonia72quebec** (24,043 points)

Years ago as a student I got a job stocking shelves.  Guys were carrying the heavy boxes, put them on the floor and bend each time to pick up the items to put on the shelves.  I was maybe a light 100 pounds (woman) and carrying the boxes was just killing me physically.  So one day I had an idea.  I put the box on a old desk chair and rolled it around.  No more carrying and no more bending!   Funny thing is that, instead of doing the same thing, most of the guys called me lazy and kept carrying the heavy boxes.  Just to prove how strong they were.

Now they have special rolling carts to do the job.

**u/Zooloph** (21,360 points)

Any good IT guy will find a way to automate his job so he can sit around browsing reddit.  I left my last Sys Admin Job and the next guy called me and asked how I was doing the work of 3 people.  He was going through the daily playbook and was so far behind...

I asked him if he was going through the Manual play book, or the Automated playbook, as I had left both on my desk.  Evidently my former boss had taken the automated one to do the work in the interim and never told the new hire about it.

**u/FutureRenaissanceMan** (19,481 points)

An engineer spent hours developing a program so they could start the coffee pot from their desk and not have to wait for coffee when arriving in the break room.

**u/niallw2101** (18,771 points)

Trip the main fuse in the house at midnight to do all the appliances too lol.

**u/Gingrpenguin** (18,723 points)

Every year in the Canadian winter, powerlines would fail due to the weight of the snow. It took many days to build up enough to break a line so they employed a team to walk the routes and shake the poles to loosen the snow.

One day they saw a bear shaking the poles and realized that if they could get the bear to do it they wouldn't need to walk the route.

So they gave one guy a bucket of honey and he'd walk the route painting the sides of the poles with honey to attract the bears. It worked for a few more years But this still takes a lot of time to do.

So then they had the idea of flying a helicopter along the route with a trained sniper with honey paintballs that he'd shoot the poles with.

On its maiden flight the helicopter passed the lines and the downdraft blew away all of the snow.

The flights continue to this day but without the sniper.

Typos and grammer fixed by u/brotherdbad

**u/Hibernian** (18,528 points)

Made yourself more efficient and use the extra time to make your colleagues *less* efficient? 

*Thanos-Balanced-Meme.jpg*

**u/IGHOTI907** (17,921 points)

I was invited to my friend’s yearly apple picking: it was a full day of apples and kids and filling a truck for cider.  I’m lazy and suggested we make the process more efficient with tarps on the ground.  We managed in 2 hours what historically took all day.  We didn’t even get to the picnic lunch.  Essentially, I ruined apple picking

**u/Kompottkopf** (15,514 points)

My ex-boss gave me an excel sheet. 124.000 rows excel sheet. Had all the company customer data per row - twice. In some of those duplicates there was an error. 
She needed me to go over the list one row by row to check for mistakes and mark all the faulty entries I could find. Through 124.000 rows. She wanted me to do that using the arrow-down key and my mouse. 

I thanked her. I sat down. Invested half an hour into Google. Copy pasted some parts of this formula, then some parts of that. Finally I had figured out the formula. 
I double clicked the tiny rectangle so that the formula gets applied on all rows. 
Worked like a charm. 

I stood up, got myself a coffee, talked to some colleagues. Then I went to my boss. 
She had anticipated that I would need 3 days for this task. When I was back less than an hour later, she thought I hadn't understood the task or maybe a follow up question. 

I will never forget the expression on her face when I told her I was done. There were 6 faulty entries. 

(A year and a half later I enrolled into computer science at university where I will finish my undergrad this summer :&gt; )

**u/Suppafly** (14,926 points)

&gt; An older company had a person dedicated to “data entry” which boiled down to copying and pasting portions of data from text files into spreadsheet and formatting into a report.

I've worked a few places that have people doing this. Usually when they retire, the job is given to some younger person that figures out how to do it in 10 minutes on top of the rest of their normal job.

**u/mistr_k** (14,818 points)

That's pretty much how the first web cam was created too, lazy computer engineers wanted to see if there was coffee in the pot.

**u/Dontdothatfucker** (14,197 points)

What if they DO know about it, and they’re just better at fake being busy than you are?

**u/dirtfishering** (11,889 points)

5G causes COVID19

Epstein isn’t dead 

Reddit is China’s bitch 




Peace out bitches ✌️

**u/Rino_samuel** (11,781 points)

The clerk was asked to bring 145 white papers into the office. He doesn't want to count the papers manually so he printed 145 blank sheets and took them in.

**u/Yoinkie2013** (11,399 points)

Back in highschool a lot of kids used to walk thru his park to get home/to school. A portion of the path went into the woods because it was just quicker than walking the actual trail.  At one point in the walk through the woods,  you had to go up this small but tedious hill; nothing major but it took like 10 seconds of hard work to go up it.  You couldn’t go around because one side was a small cliff to the creek below and other side had dense trees.  One summer, a bunch of us got together and decided to just dig through that hill to make it flat.  It took like 14 of us 3 good days to get through it.  

It was a hard 3 days but it was definitely worth it. Saved 10 second of hill climbing every morning and afternoon, 150+ days of the year. And it wasn’t just us, but hundreds of other kids who took the same party every day. Sometimes you need to put in a lot of work so your future selves can enjoy the easy way out.

**u/notgoodwithyourname** (11,166 points)

I don't know if this is a true story, but kind of fits your request. 

There was a manufacturing plant that made toothpaste. One year for some reason there ended up being an unusually high number of empty boxes being shipped out. So in order to stop that from happening the head of the company hired a couple engineers to develope a system to catch any empty boxes so they didn't get shipped with the boxes that actually had the toothpaste tubes in them.

The engineers developed a system that if the box weighed below a certain amount the system would stop and a worker would have to go remove the box and start everything up again. The person in charge loved the idea and implemented it immediately. And right from the get go the number of empty boxes shipped dropped to near zero. 

The head of the company wanted to go see the system in action so he goes and visits the plant one day and notices a huge fan right by the assembly line. Very confused as it wasn't hot he asked the plant manager why the fan was there. The plant manager said the workers were tired of stopping what they were doing to remove an empty box so they just hooked up a fan to blow the empty boxes off the scale before the system recognized it was empty and shut everything off.

So laziness led to a more efficient (and cost effective) plan.

**u/Truelikegiroux** (10,942 points)

Bingo. The fact that you left two manuals is very kind of you though.
