# What if Earth is like one of those uncontacted tribes in South America, like the whole Galaxy knows we're here but they've agreed not to contact us until we figure it out for ourselves?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/slim_p_  
**Score:** 151,215  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/kka536/what_if_earth_is_like_one_of_those_uncontacted/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/ProjectSunlight** (33,944 points)

What if aliens showed up here millions of years ago, saw a planet inhabited buy enormous lizard monsters and said fuck that, dont come back to this place.

**u/distrucktocon** (30,769 points)

What if the people that were abducted by aliens were actually abducted by some alien TV host equivalent of the Crocodile Hunter, where he abducts a human and shows it off? "crikey what a interesting little fella this is?"

**u/TheMulattoMaker** (23,347 points)

"Oim gonna try a biggah anal probe. Ooh, he's angry!"

**u/StinkierPete** (18,091 points)

They'd have been like, "oh this isn't done, leave it on high for a while longer"

**u/Transerbot** (15,261 points)

They probably treat us like animals on National Geographic.

**u/Niko120** (13,905 points)

That’s the premise of hitchhikers guide to the galaxy except for the waiting for us to figure it out part

**u/sonstone** (12,985 points)

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zoo_hypothesis

**u/notevilfellow** (12,031 points)

Could you imagine if we were actually set up as a zoo and they came back to discover we figured out nukes?

**u/poopellar** (10,636 points)

Then they come back now and be like  
"Dammit, it's full of mold!"

**u/TheMulattoMaker** (9,897 points)

That's actually one of many theories about SETI and alien life. That they're so far ahead of us on the Kardashev scale that for them to try to communicate with us would be like us trying to communicate with ants. Or amoebas.

**u/Chemical-Jello9564** (9,389 points)

So...the prime directive?

**u/Workerhard62** (8,868 points)

This guy deserves gold.

**u/The-Nightfire** (7,400 points)

I mean we could always just be cosmic ants.

How often do you go out to your garden and try to communicate with the bugs?

**u/ToggleOften** (6,194 points)

There you go, Merry Christmas

**u/StickSauce** (5,836 points)

I like the evolutionary trajectory theory version of this. The comparison doesnt even need to be as jarring as humans and ants, it can be as simple as Humans and Apes. That 2% difference is what makes the difference between our two species, now imagine another 2% in the same trajectory away from us (Humans).

**u/AnguishOfTheAlpacas** (5,558 points)

"Oh look, the apes have learned how to throw bigger turds!"

**u/poopellar** (5,084 points)

So advanced that they might be playing Half Life 3 already.

**u/xubax** (4,938 points)

Harry turtledove wrote a series where these aliens send a probe to earth that gets here in the year 1200.  They take several hundred years to prepare to take over.   

They show up in 1942 when the entire world is geared for war and have a lot more advanced equipment than swords and bows.

**u/2017hayden** (4,850 points)

Attention unidentified space craft, you are approaching the planet Terra. Terra has been designated a primitive wildlife zone, and has been designated off limits to interstellar travelers by the galactic council. Cut engines and prepare to be boarded, failure to comply with this demand will result in hostile action.

**u/Sev_seven777** (4,448 points)

You are the real g brother a happy holidays to you man

**u/SneakInTheSideDoor** (4,068 points)

"Mostly harmless"

**u/Waffleline** (3,960 points)

And crop circles are just teenager aliens doing graffitti.

**u/StinkierPete** (3,717 points)

Lol "who stopped paying the electric?"

**u/BlooGaze** (3,507 points)

I’ve always had this weird thought that we’re used as a school assignment for aliens. Like they get assigned a human and have to write an essay about why their human is they way it is and what makes it different from other humans.

**u/Sovacam** (3,485 points)

Once a week for 12 years.
