# Anthony Bourdain once said "There's a guy in my head, and all he wants to do is lay in bed all day long, smoke pot, and watch old movies and cartoons. My life is a series of strategems, to avoid, and outwit that guy". Who is "that guy" for you, and what do you do to avoid him?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/Slade_Sez  
**Score:** 150,804  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/dcxylq/anthony_bourdain_once_said_theres_a_guy_in_my/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/DubioTheDubious** (40,783 points)

We came to an agreement and take turns occupying the same body. It's me from 5:30 am  to 5pm on weekdays. And he gets evenings,  weekends and holidays.

**u/TannedCroissant** (38,488 points)

I used to have a little sign on my desk that said "The worst possible feeling is when the person you are meets the person you could have been."  It was there to encourage to pursue my goals rather than procrastinate on games, Reddit, etc.  I think it's time I dug that sign out again.

**u/TheAlmightyKrot** (33,599 points)

That guy's kicking my ass right now.

**u/[deleted]** (28,743 points)

That guy’s cousin lives in my head, I go to AA meetings to avoid and outwit him.

**u/733094** (24,377 points)

All that guy wants to do is do Reddit and play videogames.

I don't do anything to avoid him.

**u/DubioTheDubious** (17,764 points)

You gotta fight back man. Hes a lazy stoner he cant be that good of a fighter

**u/Cobra_McJingleballs** (17,197 points)

Ouch. Worse than that Ben Franklin quote: “A man can die at 25 and not be buried until he’s 75.”

**u/godspeedmetal** (15,790 points)

Might get buried, but my dude in my head is literally Mr. Spock from Star Trek, and I don't avoid him.

Hear me out - I discovered through therapy that I needed a mechanism for judgement-less and objective self-analysis and Mr. Spock is that dude. He can see the most fucked up space shit ever and react calmly and objectively.


Mr. Spock: "The massive space blob has a 97.454% chance of consuming the ship and everyone inside within 4/7 minutes. Projections show it will be slow and painful."


Kirk: "That's horrible!"


Spock: "Yes, it is not ideal for our continued survival, but it's actions are entirely within the nature of the space blob."


So, whenever I get spun up on something in my head I imagine a mini-Spock in my head with a science terminal that can pull all data about ME. 


me: "Spock, science report."


Spock: "Data shows that godspeedmetal is 5.8 days from quitting smoking tobacco and is under great mental distress from the change of chemical intake. He isn't consciously aware of it, but he's attempting to make up an excuse to get gas on a half-tank in order to create an opportunity to buy a pack of cigarettes."


me: "Thank you, Spock, sounds like I'm being dishonest with myself. I suck!"


Spock: "I disagree. It's entirely within the nature of a nicotine addict to seek out a source of nicotine intake. This is neither Good or Bad. Just natural. Data also suggests that conscious awareness mitigates the chances of nicotine intake by 89.45%. You've yet to procure a nicotine source as well. Commendable."


Just going through that mental exercise will help knock me out of a mental spun-up state, help sort out emotions, feelings, all that stuff, into a parsed, objective, and most importantly, non-judgemental way.

EDIT: holy shit, I'm happy this was received as well as it was. This mechanism has helped myself so much, however I'd offer a couple of words of advice if you are intending to take on this method as well because it can be a frustrating mechanism to employ if you don't have your expectations set correctly. 

One - Spock's reports WILL be amended, appended, referenced and reworked entirely. This is all part of the process. Even Spock had several times where extended analysis was needed to understand something in order to create a way to cope/overcome/whathaveyou. Don't treat everything he says as immutable truth - his analysis is only as good as the data he is able to receive through that mental science terminal. Your initial reports will upgrade that terminal for stronger analysis in the future.

Two - You WILL fail, as well, and that's totally OK! He's analyzed far more for me than just smoking - everything from anxiety, struggles with work, and interpersonal relationships has been reviewed through that science terminal. But sticking with the smoking report as an example - recognizing that "getting gas" was just an excuse to get cigarettes didn't come from a single analysis, but was referenced from a prior "science report", as at one point I had quit smoking, went to get gas a few days later and drove away with a pack of cigs in my pocket. Spock reported, "godspeedmetal formulated a reason to create an environment that allowed his weakened will to procure a source of nicotine. Further analysis shows that nicotine addiction is extremely subversive to godspeedmetal's psyche at a subconscious level. The strength of control the addiction exerts upon his mind is quite strong. *Fascinating.*" Spock doesn't judge me - it all is what it is - and I respond, "That IS fascinating! My mind is stranger than I ever thought possible. However, I am more in control because I now recognize this pattern of behavior. I believe that this can be identified at a later point if I do this again. Thank you, Spock." That failure to stop smoking at that time was an opportunity to learn about myself. And FYI - I'm several months smoke free and still going!

Three - this isn't to make someone an emotionless logic machine, either - Spock understands human nature is an emotional experience. Humans get horny, sad, happy, angry, depressed, excited - all of that stuff that comprises the human condition - it's all part of the Logic of Being Human. Take that into account, yet strive to be aware of your humanity and make conscious decisions on what you do instead of sub-consciously reacting emotionally.

Four - trust your intuition. Your instincts have been developed over millions of years of evolution. Your mind is *powerful* and can sub-consciously recognize threats and boons to your world and yourself. Even if you don't understand *why* your guts are reacting they way they are, don't dismiss it. Run it by Spock and if you don't come to a satisfactory answer, you can always revisit later when you've more experience, time, and data.

**u/TannedCroissant** (10,771 points)

Man, funeral companies were hella inefficient back then

**u/meadowiguana** (9,675 points)

This was somehow insanely philosophical to me

**u/DeathSpiral321** (8,851 points)

The guy who wants to go streaking during the Super Bowl halftime show. I avoid him by remembering that prison is not a pleasant place to be.

**u/DubioTheDubious** (8,838 points)

I've been trying to negotiate some extra time in the evenings for working out and/or hobbies, but he says it will cut into his 4 hour gaming sessions.

Edit: You've all given really good advice. I think we're close to reaching an agreement.

**u/SunnyCarol** (8,824 points)

That guy wants to settle for anything out of fear of nothing better coming later. That guy is okay with the dead-end job, the abusive relationships and no master's degree. I tell that guy it's never gotten me anywhere, it's the definition of "stuck" and I have no intention of being stuck anymore.

**u/Slade_Sez** (8,595 points)

Fair compromise as long as it stays like that I say

**u/LobscouseComrade** (8,135 points)

I have the same exact same guy in my head. I quit smoking pot years ago, before i hit 30. I can still stay in bed all day on some days. What keeps me from doing it (having a 24h lay in on my laptop) too often are commitments I've made to myself, friends, and employers. Back in the day pot made it really easy to give up on those commitments. I miss pot, but I don't miss those times in general, which keeps me from going back.

**u/TheGamingUnderdog** (7,199 points)

Bold of you to assume I avoid him.

**u/LowDownDirtyMeme** (6,139 points)

Serenity, brother.

**u/bobsgonemobile** (5,008 points)

Precisely, you've said it very well. For me at least, getting high just made me very content with doing absolutely nothing. Which is fine sometimes, but I was high all the time and then doing nothing, all the time. I was so bored and boring to myself that I had to quit smoking and other drugs completely. 

It's only been a few years. It still feels like a work in progress but I'm getting happier with who I am

**u/pHbasic** (4,848 points)

I hate mornings. I don't like waking up. I don't like breakfast as a genre or activity. I don't see a good reason to be anywhere ever before 10am.

I started forcing myself to wake up early and go to the gym before work. And i hate it so much but it makes me feel so goddam good all day long. It's a shitty healthy dose of morning endorphins that stops me from getting sleepy after lunch, keeps me energized after work, get a better night's sleep. 

It sucks so much and it sucks even more that it improves every aspect of my day because now if i stop i know i'll just start having shitty bad days again and it'll be my dumbass lazy fault with a simple fix.

**u/BirdlandMan** (4,726 points)

I like Randy Marsh’s quote about it from South Park.


“Well, Stan, the truth is marijuana probably isn't gonna make you kill people, and it most likely isn't gonna fund terrorism, but… well, son, pot makes you feel fine with being bored. And it's when you're bored that you should be learning some new skill or discovering some new science or being creative. If you smoke pot you may grow up to find out that you aren't good at anything.”

**u/DubioTheDubious** (4,644 points)

Good plan, I'll bring it up during our next meeting.

In his defense, I use up most of the daily energy reserves that we were supposed to share during my shift and by the time his shift starts he has very little to work with.

**u/Sayonara_Robocop** (4,631 points)

I've got the same arrangement.  My guy has left me with a hell of a hangover to deal with this morning.

**u/Kwolfy** (4,580 points)

Are you stoned?

**u/joelman0** (4,260 points)

Of course I know him; he's me!

**u/stevegoodsex** (4,193 points)

I think this fucked me up as much as "retirement is a monetary number, not an age"
