# Leonardo DiCaprio said that he likes to think of Django Unchained, The Great Gatsby and The Wolf of Wall Street as an unofficial trilogy about wealth and power across American history. What other unofficial trilogies are out there?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/-AboveAverageJoe  
**Score:** 150,533  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/j8kjkv/leonardo_dicaprio_said_that_he_likes_to_think_of/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/SingleFunction1** (26,278 points)

*Collateral, Drive, Nightcrawler*

Known as *The Yellow Light trilogy.* All three are neo-noirs set in LA exploring its night life, with protagonists as criminals/sociopaths

**u/Back2Bach** (23,999 points)

A type of "Apocalypse trilogy":

1. Contagion (causing infertility)

2. Children of Men (no newborns in a very long time, followed by natural disasters)

3. The Road (a dire ending).

**u/whatsamawhatsit** (22,882 points)

"Where the fuck did we leave Matt Damon this time" - the trilogy

Saving Private Ryan

The Bourne Identity

The Martian

Interstellar

Edit: added Interstellar due to popular demand!

**u/KrustyRustyDusty** (20,824 points)

Ice Age: The ice’s origin story

Titanic: The ice makes a name for itself

Snowpiercer: Ice takes over the world and wipes out almost every human being

**u/DaveyJonas** (16,891 points)

*Happy Feet: Little penguins grow up.

*March of the Penguins: Adult penguins on a mission.

*Batman Returns: The penguins wreak their revenge on Gotham.

Edit: Well, damn. I leave to go eat some krill and come back to all this. Thanks for it! It's been rough with the quarantine and I no longer feel ice-olated.

Edit 2: Thank you u/TheDarkWayne for my first gold ever. And thanks everyone for the karma. Waddle I ever do without out y'all? It's been a really ice day!

Edit 3: Another gold? Wow - the ego is high, even if I can't fly!

**u/NoCowboys** (16,636 points)

Miss Congeniality 1, Miss Congeniality 2, Gravity.

It takes a swerve near the end but overall really a great series.

**u/FreeToPlayKING** (16,476 points)

Nicolas Cage had an action trilogy of *The Rock*, *Con Air* and *Face/Off*

it's known as the "beige Volvo trilogy" due to that car being referred to as such or appearing in each.

Edit: thank you for the awards and upvotes and many comments, I'll try to read them all and replying

**u/Casimir_III** (15,686 points)

The "2007 Unintended Pregnancy Trilogy:"

Waitress, Knocked Up, and Juno

**u/I_R_Teh_Taco** (15,498 points)

Bill and ted’s excellent adventure

Kill bill

Ted

**u/MachReverb** (12,978 points)

Part 1:

Ace Ventura (1+2)  
Me, Myself and Irene  
The Cable Guy  

Jim Carrey plays a single character going through multiple phases of a mental breakdown; manic behavior, multiple peronality disorder, clinical depression, and schizophrenia. 

Part 2:

Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind  
The Truman Show  
Bruce Almighty  

The subject breaks down further, disassosicates from his past and enters a reality that at first is created for him, but later by him as he eventually becomes God.

**u/Wyzard_of_Wurdz** (10,656 points)

Every Liam Neeson movie is just a continuous story about what happens when you fuck with Liam Neeson....

**u/PandorasPanda** (10,104 points)

Too many movies to be a trilogy, but I think it's interesting to think of the Terminator movies as Matrix trilogy prequels. In Matrix the Connors have apparently failed, long in the past, and the machines have successfully taken over the world.

**u/tealcandtrip** (9,805 points)

Over the Hedge, Incredibles 2, Guardians of the Galaxy = the origins of Rocket Raccoon.

**u/hi_its_adam** (9,573 points)

Force Awakens, The Last Jedi, Rise of Skywalker


Those movies clearly had nothing to do with eachother but somehow I feel like if you looked at them from a higher ground you could see some similiarities.

**u/BrotherOfTheOrder** (9,121 points)

I freakin love Face/Off. Just two legit maniacs trying to outdo each other. When you really think about it, the performances are amazing.

Travolta starts off as the broken hero, Archer.

Cage starts as the madman terrorist, Troy.

They switch faces.

Cage is now Archer, pretending to be Troy.

Travolta is Troy, pretending to be Archer.

Both actors have to repeatedly shift their personalities based on who they are around and what their goals are in the scene.

Each actor essentially has to play 3 characters in one body. It’s incredible.

Plus you have the movie starting with an action scene that would be at the END of most other movies, and it ends with a Mexican standoff in a church, an insane speedboat chase, and a speargun kill?!

Is it a “good” movie? No. Is it great? ABSOLUTELY.

**u/shmargus** (7,999 points)

I'm not sure what the third movie would be, but for some reason I always think of There Will Be Blood and No Country for Old Men as a unit. I'm not sure why, but any time one comes up I immediately think of the other.

**u/FancyGaffer** (7,383 points)

Mean Girls / Heathers / Carrie.  A reverse evolution of physical and interpersonal violence in school settings.

**u/fadoofthekokiri** (6,427 points)

Reminds me of the Finding Nemo, Finding Dory, and The Lighthouse trilogy. Willem Dafoe was great in all three

**u/-AboveAverageJoe** (6,412 points)

Taken 3 - His wife dies

The Grey - He treks into the wildnerness and emerges a new man

Batman Begins - He creates and trains a society of ninjas to exact vengeance on injustice in the world

**u/glglglglgl** (6,289 points)

Ooh I like this one, even though I never want to see *Nightcrawler* a second time.

Edit for the "why not?" commenters: the film was very, very good. Gyllenhaal's character got really, really under my skin though, and I'm not keen to rewatch it.

**u/-AboveAverageJoe** (6,084 points)

Oddly enough I just commented a similar idea -Ex Machina, The Terminator, The Matrix

The Rise of AI

**u/nothing_in_my_mind** (5,145 points)

They were shot and released during the same year and the same place

They both have a slow pace

They are both gritty and dark

They both have greed as a theme

**u/Ridikiscali** (4,913 points)

Sahara, National Treasurer, Night at the museum!

Matthew finds the treasure, Nicolas finds the clues to the BIGGER treasure, and Ben protects the treasure!

**u/DoneCanIdaho** (4,737 points)

I like this one - but let me change it a little:

Saving Private Ryan

The Martian

INTERSTELLAR 

— love borne, but the “where the fuck is Matt Damon” fits better w Interstellar.

**u/bandastalo** (4,693 points)

The Coen Brother's Trilogy of Idiots: *O Brother Where Art Thou, Intolerable Cruelty,* and *Burn After Reading*
