# Single ladies of reddit, why do you think the Union failed in the battle of Fredericksburg in December of 1862 during Ambrose Burnside’s invasion into confederate held Virginia?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/ZacksPocketChange  
**Score:** 149,642  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/gl5rql/single_ladies_of_reddit_why_do_you_think_the/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/collective_noun** (42,636 points)

This question is just cruel. I know perfectly well I'm single because I don't know enough about the battle of Fredericksberg, you don't need to rub it in.

**u/alpha_rat_fight_** (35,921 points)

Lol. I’ve read that the defeat is generally (no pun intended) chalked up to Burnside’s indecision and miscommunication concerning the ferocity of the attack.

Edit: I better get a husband out of this.

Edit 2: I had 18 reddit karma before today and zero men interested in dating me. This has been quite a reversal of fortune.

Edit 3: If I get a husband out of this you guys are all invited to the wedding in Fredericksburg.

**u/drinks_so_thinks** (35,115 points)

This question haunts me because I can't seem to muster any interest in military history and I know that's why I'm still single. Women my age are supposed to be obsessed with General Sherman or taking quizzes to tell which side of the Mason Dixon line they're on or reading Ambrose Bierce. I'm just not that emotionally mature yet.

**u/ZacksPocketChange** (21,266 points)

Everyone point and laugh at u/collective_noun for not knowing enough about late 1862 failed union invasions into Virginia!

**u/LizardParm** (20,097 points)

If I'm not mistaken the confederacy had higher ground, and after previously failing to invade some of the north they gained equipment.

**u/fuzzeenavel** (15,697 points)

The real civil war was the friends they met along the way

**u/Bobber434** (15,583 points)

They didn't believe in themselves enough

**u/JohnWhoHasACat** (13,637 points)

The ladies loved Sherman. That's why it was called Sherman's March to the C.

**u/blueskieslara** (12,945 points)

If you'd asked this question 8 years ago, I would have proposed to you on the spot. I confuse some of the area's battles, but wasn't it because Burnside waited so long for his pontoon bridges that the 2 armies basically sat and stared at each other across the Rappahannock for weeks? Like so close that they played card games together and exchanged cigarettes and food? Then when the pontoons finally did arrive, they took forever to build and the Confederates just basically sat there and waited for them to get halfway across the 50' river and were like, not today fam.

Also, I'm not kidding about my first line. Who else owns this book https://i.imgur.com/C2EOva5.jpg and was one of the only women and the only under-30 person on the walking reenactment of the battle from the Irish brigade's route?

**u/FFCUK5** (11,340 points)

Stonewalled

**u/Kaja8948** (10,987 points)

Lee and the army occupied strategic ground. The union army needed to use assault boats and build a pontoon bridge. The heights behind fburg were entrenched with lees army,and frontal asdaults couldn't dislodge them.

**u/TennisADHD** (8,895 points)

If you were trying to make a really obscure question popular on this sub, well, then I think you have seceded.

**u/doggrimoire** (6,900 points)

Thats what my wife says my problem is during fights also!

**u/dctrimnotarealdoctor** (5,925 points)

I’m a single Australian lady and have limited knowledge of American war history but if I were to guess I’d say it was because Virginia was full of virgins and therefore had more trebuchets?

**u/ZacksPocketChange** (5,510 points)

Two things

1. Nice!

2. U single and want 2 mingle?

**u/Whoden** (5,023 points)

Well then I guess divorce is the only viable option.

**u/alpha_rat_fight_** (4,591 points)

And they had more men. Burnside also chose, for whatever reason, not to attack the center, which was a fatal error.

**u/kenlane** (4,510 points)

But do you have a single sister or friend to give the answer too?

**u/anonymous122** (4,264 points)

You don't know jack, son.

**u/I_Am_Dynamite6317** (3,744 points)

no one could start a fire in a girl's panties like general sherman

**u/indehhz** (3,394 points)

/r/relationshipadvice in a nutshell

**u/PM_ME_YR_BDY_GRL** (2,720 points)

I don't but I've seen it.  I'm not hitting on you, after a lifetime (I'm old) of observing Naval History, I don't know much about my own damned Country's civil war.  Your comment has gone unnoticed for too long and only 31 upvotes.  Ahhhh.... the vagaries of reddit.

Single ladies with an interest in military history are more rare than single male military history buffs with good looks and charisma.  Us old history uggos don't stand a chance.

**u/Cushlamachree** (2,555 points)

Just because I'm married doesn't mean I don't have an opinion on this highly relevant and pressing subject.

This is discrimination and I will not stand for it!
