# Reddit, how would you feel about a law that bans radio stations from playing commercials with honking/beeping/siren noises in them?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/san69cor  
**Score:** 149,070  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/9gx68l/reddit_how_would_you_feel_about_a_law_that_bans/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/SeaSlainCoxswain** (45,983 points)

I would feel like "finally. Lawmakers taking the public's issues to heart."

**u/TrollPoster469** (39,031 points)

I agree, and any ad for a auto service shop that plays squealing brakes or ominous engine sounds as well.

**u/Danyo-** (21,925 points)

Now it's time to ban junk mail that disguise themselves as [official court orders, bills and parking tickets](https://www.reddit.com/r/assholedesign/comments/9gczwp/fake_important_junk_mail/).

**u/GenevaTheHorsefucker** (10,038 points)

I can't scream and cry for help in public unwarranted, but you can play ads inside my car that scare me into thinking I might be stranded miles away from home and forced to pay large expenses to fix my car?

Bullshit, these fuckers need to be stopped.

**u/Back_To_The_Oilfield** (9,316 points)

Yeah, I can’t imagine anyone reading this question and saying “Naw, I don’t want to give up those split seconds of panic thinking an emergency vehicle is right up my ass”.

Edit: apparently everyone here thinks they alone are responsible for their safety and the safety of the people riding with me. There are stupid/old people on the roads that will hear a commercial like that and for a split second think it’s real, and possibly react in a dangerous way. Just because you’re a genius that never makes a mistake doesn’t mean the people you share the road with are too.

**u/MrHiV** (9,234 points)

I was driving one day and listening to a very popular radio station in my region. And I saw all cars around me on the highway swerve a little bit when a commercial with sirens came on. Very dangerous stuff if you ask me.

Edit: in the city close to where I live carnival is very popular and very well known, for about one month each year the festival gets their own radio station with loud obnoxious party music that is quite funny. Swerve is maybe an exaggeration but I saw the reaction of many drivers in my vicinity since the siren came on quite loud after the news bulletin.

**u/EarlyHemisphere** (7,036 points)

Ah, yes, one of the many human emotions:

* Sadness
* Happiness
* finally. Lawmakers taking the public's issues to heart. 
* Anger
* etc

**u/effieokay** (6,941 points)

Also doorbells on commercials because my dogs.

**u/zhy-rr** (6,739 points)

Reddit, how do you feel about [common Reddit opinion]?

**u/SpringerII** (4,210 points)

[Comedic response that gets gilded 15 times]

**u/NathanFillingIn** (4,019 points)

This is a bad post. You’re asking a leading question that an overwhelmingly majority already agrees with. 

Reddit, how would you feel if we had hovercars that didn’t run on gas

**u/Object_Reference** (3,931 points)

I'm so glad you asked! Personally I feel [the same feeling as everybody else].

**u/Charnaut** (3,877 points)

I wish there was a way to ban junk mail or have laws imposed to require an opt in for commercial mail. Trash is literally being delivered to my mailbox and I feel powerless to make it stop.

**u/02474** (3,772 points)

95% of calls to my cell phone have been spoof telemarketing calls that mimic the first 6 digits of my phone number. 3-4 per day, real people don't call me very often. But it's extremely annoying and no matter how many numbers I block or how many times I report it, they keep coming. 

I'd vote for anyone who proposed coming down hard on those assholes.

**u/WeededDragon1** (3,589 points)

There's an auto shop near me with an LED sign. Sometimes they have police lights flashing red/blue promoting state car inspections.

I hate that sign driving home at night. It looks like there is a cop behind me.

**u/PM_UR_YOGAPANTS_GIRL** (3,135 points)

why the fuck would people think these type of things were ever a good idea.

**u/fritzbitz** (2,656 points)

Yeah, but what about [obscure edge case]?

**u/jman4220** (2,608 points)

&gt;I can't scream and cry for help in public unwarranted,

How many times have you tried? You definitely can, its just weird and unwarranted.

**u/Time_Eagle** (2,438 points)

"Here, you throw this away."

**u/SeaSlainCoxswain** (2,326 points)

Exactly. Nothing like a heart attack in the morning.

**u/mamedooskin** (2,232 points)

It gets your attention and that's all they care about.

**u/_JosiahBartlet** (2,035 points)

I want to ban AskReddit posts about shit everyone will agree with

**u/PM_UR_YOGAPANTS_GIRL** (1,856 points)

etc, always my favorite human emotion with existential dread a close second.

**u/TheNextLordMormont** (1,714 points)

I'd be fine with it.  Hell, I'd encourage the ban.  I flinch whenever those commercials are played.

**u/OneSquirtBurt** (1,627 points)

WEEWOO WEEWOO!!!! EMERGENCY SALE on used cars in your area! Ask our salesperson AMBER ALERT about a great deal
