# How is everyone enjoying Reddit while Instagram Facebook and whatsapp are all down?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/PastaM0nster  
**Score:** 148,722  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/q18zrj/how_is_everyone_enjoying_reddit_while_instagram/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/[deleted]** (36,757 points)

I thought my wifi was stupid

**u/LackDecent** (27,653 points)

I thought my internet was the problem. Turns out the universe is just sending me a sign to stop mindlessly scrolling through someone else's timeline.

**u/Flimsy_Iron8930** (26,964 points)

I was wondering why i kept seeing the same 5 posts on facebook lmfao

**u/Dear-Ambellina** (22,624 points)

mercury's in gatorade or some shit

**u/TheMoonDays** (21,720 points)

I was wondering why my wife was talking to me more

**u/PM_ME_YOUR_ANT_FARMS** (19,427 points)

As long as i have something to scroll endlessly with ads and strong opinions I feel alive.

**u/lxwolfhopexl** (18,882 points)

Well I work for T-mobile as tech support so my entire day has basically been ''yeah that's not us and it's not your fault'', but seeing a little more activity on reddit is nice. lol

**u/nymaetom** (18,458 points)

Didn’t know they were down but that explains why my friend stopped replying all of a sudden… I hope

**u/Songs4Soulsma** (18,454 points)

That’s just how their algorithm has been for the past few years. Lol.

**u/selfawarepizza** (18,157 points)

For a change it’s not reddit thats down

**u/HotHamWaterBath** (17,513 points)

I already exhausted all of my usual subs hours before this happened. The internet is dead to me.

EDIT: Hey mom, you said I'd never amount to anything. Well, look at me now.

**u/alienth** (16,289 points)

We're trying very hard to make sure that does not happen. :D

**u/WithoutDennisNedry** (11,370 points)

It is at this moment I learned it’s not just my WiFi lol

**u/biltec** (10,831 points)

With the influx of visitors it's only a matter of time before Reddit servers also go down

**u/bautron** (8,977 points)

I actually made a call today.

A PHONE call.

**u/anna_o0f** (6,645 points)

Oh, I kept trying to refresh my feed on Insta and it wouldn't work.   


Welp, it's pretty nice here.

**u/lutherbrian** (6,045 points)

The average reddit user hates everything, and hopes Facebook never comes back.

**u/bautron** (5,762 points)

I cant believe im getting my news from askreddit.

**u/[deleted]** (5,595 points)

MySpace is working fine   :)   Just sayin'

**u/naroweye** (5,535 points)

Bro, I got a new phone and was trying to login on my old account. I was so confused when nothing worked. I was tired of this and went on Reddit to see this. At least I know the reason.

**u/OdaNova** (5,502 points)

Hah, mine came up and was all like "WHATSAPP Isn't working... Can you fix it?" 

Nope, sorry hun. &gt;_&lt;

**u/Esplodie** (4,997 points)

Jesus I log into Facebook a few times a year and the last time I tried to actually read posts instead of friend requests and notifications it wasn't showing me posts in order.  I spent like 20 minutes trying to find the setting to turn it back on only to find out it was removed.

I just wanted to see family/friend life events and any news I missed.  Not... Whatever the fuck that jibberish was.

**u/xNaquada** (4,588 points)

Also explains why I haven't heard from your sister yet today.


Thanks, dude.

**u/alienth** (4,466 points)

Much like every other major property on the internet, our traffic is noticeably elevated. Chatting with other friends across the industry it sounds about the same - it's a bumper crop for everyone who isn't either Facebook or directly dependent on traffic from Facebook.

**u/AZACEII** (4,049 points)

Interesting that it happens the very next day after the "60 Minutes" interview with Facebook whistleblower.

Article:  Facebook’s very, very bad day: Services go down as stock plunges in wake of whistleblower revelations.

[https://www.marketwatch.com/story/facebooks-very-very-bad-day-services-go-down-as-stock-plunges-in-wake-of-whistleblower-revelations-11633365581?siteid=yhoof2](https://www.marketwatch.com/story/facebooks-very-very-bad-day-services-go-down-as-stock-plunges-in-wake-of-whistleblower-revelations-11633365581?siteid=yhoof2)
