# People of Reddit, how would you feel if there was a "USA" filter where non-Americans can scroll through Reddit freely without watching, hearing or reading what's going on in America?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/TorsoHunter  
**Score:** 148,124  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/ktomhz/people_of_reddit_how_would_you_feel_if_there_was/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/gor8884** (51,965 points)

Can Americans get access to the filter too?

**u/mexta** (25,480 points)

Wasn't this exact question asked very recently?

**u/hog_log2** (23,714 points)

How do you feel about *insert agreeable feature*

**u/Beef_Supreme46** (13,247 points)

Isn't the whole point of Reddit to create your own personal echo chamber by curating which subs are in your feed?

**u/TorsoHunter** (12,511 points)

Sure, it's a Reddit filter after all!

**u/Gul_Akaron** (12,122 points)

Now you're getting it.

**u/Poem_for_your_sprog** (11,256 points)

"Dear reddit," it started,  
"now do you agree -  
that water's important,  
and air should be free?  
And would you allow  
for a law, if you could -  
that stated, and clearly,  
that vaccines are good?

"If maybe they gave you  
a *billion* bucks -  
would you own a chicken  
that shits when it clucks?  
Would you take a cell phone  
that screams when it rings?  
Or other such hugely  
disorderly things?

"Oh reddit, for queries  
as complex as these -  
for questions divisive,  
I'm begging you please -  
I'm watching, enraptured -  
I'm waiting, transfixed -  
To read your responses.  

I'm sure they'll be mixed."

**u/OmarGuard** (9,206 points)

Fellow redditors, how would you feel about every human alive getting $10,000 and a machine that dispenses ~~blowjobs~~ sexual favours and cotton candy?

Edit: now the machine also caters to women so kindly get the fuck off my back

**u/cyberflunk** (6,489 points)

r/anime_titties

**u/it_vexes_me_so** (5,272 points)

It already exists, friend. It's called Reddit Enhancement Suite and you can set up as many keyword filters as your heart desires. Those filters can be subreddit specific or global in nature. Not only that, you can ignore certain users and you can block posts from a given domain. I can't imagine using Reddit without it.

**u/veggiebuilder** (5,169 points)

And for some stupid reason american elections have 2 whole years of campaigning so in essence the majority of the time is a lead up to an election.

**u/KesInTheCity** (4,651 points)

We don’t like it either.

Edit: my first gold! Many thanks, kind stranger.

**u/TannedCroissant** (3,909 points)

I dunno, is your mother is made from sustainable packaging?

**u/alphahydra** (3,531 points)

Most America-specific posts don't include any America-specific keywords that you could use to filter though. 

US redditors are in the privileged position of assuming their audience is American and their US-specific references/advice/etc. are going to be relevant to their readers without any preface or introduction. They talk like everyone else is American, essentially.

Everyone else quickly learns to preface with "In the UK", "Here in Canada" etc.

**u/SRidwtd04** (3,441 points)

Easier said than done. Want memes? Join one of the meme subreddits. No memes about politics or just no memes about a certain subject? I wouldn't know a good one for that

**u/yougobe** (2,496 points)

This looked like a joke, but it actually seems really good!

**u/geigenmusikant** (2,379 points)

Can we just post this below every "do you agree"-question?

**u/Kilroy314** (2,081 points)

I'll bring it up at the next American meeting.

**u/pizza_for_nunchucks** (1,808 points)

/r/worldpolitics went down the shitter, so they shifted to /r/anime_titties. I don’t really get it either, but that’s what happened.

**u/FishGutsCake** (1,773 points)

I wish there was a fucking repost filter. Fuck u reddit.

**u/Nowarclasswar** (1,701 points)

r/prequelmemes has no politics (but tbf, it's a trilogy about space politics) but there's memes about not having memes about politics (for the above reasons)

**u/UslyfoxU** (1,590 points)

This is why many of us living outside of the USA consider r/news to be "American news", r/politics as "American politics", etc etc etc

**u/ImTheBigJ** (1,428 points)

r/Politics is actually US Politics. It’s in the description.
