# It's more than likely that Covid-19 will still be around at Christmas time - how are we going to explain to kids that Santa is still allowed to go into millions of houses?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/MrSpooniversal  
**Score:** 145,233  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/i4r81a/its_more_than_likely_that_covid19_will_still_be/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/geekworking** (54,818 points)

He invented "contactless delivery"

**u/Chimpbot** (40,561 points)

The dude has flying reindeer and can bend time and space to ensure he visits everyone over the course of a single night.

COVID-19 ain't got shit on Santa.

**u/demonardvark** (34,705 points)

hazmat santa

**u/Ilikepancakes87** (33,440 points)

Santibodies.

**u/swashbucklingfox** (29,881 points)

We will see ads with Santa wearing a facemask.

**u/GovernorSan** (20,982 points)

Clearly Santa Claus is immune to all disease and does not spread or carry disease from house to house.

**u/AstroLozza** (19,120 points)

I think it would be a great excuse to get them to go to bed. Tell them he won't come unless he knows everyone is shut away in their rooms so he won't accidentally come within 2m of someone.

**u/baeworth** (15,489 points)

Santa is magic. That being said the poor elves took a huge hit from the pandemic so there are less toys to go around this year. Strictly one per child or 2 between 3

**u/MaveDustaine** (13,785 points)

I've had my beard for years and I had to shave it, wearing a mask with no beard is a completely different and more comfortable experience than wearing it with a beard.

Or at least that's what I tell myself as I cry myself to sleep every night for not feeling the gentle caress of my beard hairs against my pillow. I miss my beard.

**u/LiveLaughLoaded** (13,213 points)

Or no presents will be delivered because he's practicing social distancing and self quarantine like every good little boy and girl should be doing and the lesson learned could be one of the greatest gifts of all.

**u/adnanoid** (11,572 points)

NASA has prepared a better suit for him

**u/Tee-dus_Not_Tie-dus** (10,680 points)

I'm sorry, but Santa didn't survive the pandemic little one.

**u/thatdudewillyd** (10,642 points)

The Santa Clause

**u/nomoreusernamefree** (10,463 points)

Dude’s been social distancing forever. He’s got this.

**u/Rantte** (8,782 points)

Yeah, but will he be wearing it the right way?

**u/momofeveryone5** (8,431 points)

I've made extras long ones for my husband to cover his whole beard. If you start growing it out again, I'll send you some cotton masks if you want.

Edit- Here's the picture of what I did incase anyone else wants to copy it. 


Lengthen mask for beards https://imgur.com/a/AAcbFLB

Just measure from where the mask will rest on your nose to the tip of your beard. Then measure the existing mask pattern and add the extra inches. Don't forget to add enough seam allowances or it will be too short. It should be large enough to cover the whole beard and even curl under a bit to keep everything contained. My husband prefers tie on masks but you can use elastic too. Good luck, wash your hands, and don't forget your masks!

**u/Condex** (6,849 points)

This suggests that Santa Claus is a paladin ... or maybe a high level monk.  Either way I'm going to be imagining Santa Claus carrying around a Holy Great Sword on his back and wearing plate from now on.

**u/gluteusminimus** (6,550 points)

It seems like it would be difficult to wear it properly considering the massive amount of facial hair.

**u/snizuitz** (5,771 points)

This is the correct answer.

**u/Gqsmooth1969** (4,963 points)

As someone else stated above, he comes while everyone is sleeping. No chance of them spreading it to him. He's fine because he's been as far from the virus as possible, so he won't be spreading it around.

**u/PhiloPhocion** (4,717 points)

Okay but to be fair, they probably could’ve shut down any spread faster and had everyone back to work sooner if Santa didn’t force some of them to come in as “essential”. 

The rush to “get back to normal” is what is making it impossible to get back to normal.

**u/Radioactivocalypse** (4,632 points)

Out of all the joke replies, this is actually a good actual answer

**u/Beastquist** (4,234 points)

You really earned your username

**u/dick-nipples** (4,197 points)

He was 1749 years old and morbidly obese, it was just a matter of time...

**u/smapdi84** (3,506 points)

His immune system must be absolute garbage and he is likely a diabetic 75 year old. Dude is going down hard.
