# Steve Irwin has you pinned down in a headlock, what cool facts does he tell the audience about you and your habitat?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/zombiepiemaster  
**Score:** 137,311  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/ilcknh/steve_irwin_has_you_pinned_down_in_a_headlock/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/squeeeeenis** (54,991 points)

"This little bugga simulates reproduction up to 5 times a day! Almost exclusively without a mate." 

Then I imagine he would shove a Dorito in my mouth, and chuck me back into my bedroom.

**u/weeman4226** (44,004 points)

“Oi, be very careful mates. We have to show dominance. If we show any affection towards this creature he’ll get attached to us and never leave us alone. Truly one of the most terrifying beasts in North America”

**u/BetterTreat** (37,563 points)

“This little fella looks upset, but he actually craves physical contact!”

Edit: lot of you weirdos are into thumbs in buttholes.

**u/UYScutiPuffJr** (29,451 points)

Oi, this ere is a common member of ‘is species, and as you can see e’s got a fairly advanced case of fur loss, especially concentrated ‘ere at the top of his ‘ead.  Many males you find in the wild with this condition will try to compensate by growing the fur around their faces, and this fella is no different!  This one looks like he spends ‘is days being poked and nipped at by ‘is wee ones!  Note the characteristic paunchy belly and the general lack of muscle tone!  This fella can spend up to 12 hours a day grazing, and trying to find a nice spot to curl up for some shuteye

EDIT: apparently I’ve accidentally reimagined Steve Irwin as a 19th century cockney bootblack, but I’m leaving it

**u/saltynalty17** (27,088 points)

"Oi, Now lookie here! Notice how he seems almost entirely apathetic to my attack. That's because he spends almost every waking moment pretending not to be bothered by the current situation he is in, despite the fact that he is incredibly irritated. To him, this is just another Monday morning staff meeting! He is truly a gorgeous example of mental endurance!"

**u/YourDailyDevil** (26,297 points)

*Steve, in a barely audible whisper as he gets low to the ground:*

The u/squeeeeenis is an endangered fella, meanin' there aren't many of 'em left, and he most likely won't find a mate. Nah if you watch 'ere, he's trynna attract a Sheilah.

*Five minutes of silence as squeeeeenis stares at his screen, before typing 'sup' to the onlyfans girl he's subbed to. Followed by more dead silence.*

Better luck next time, little fella. If you see one of these in the wild, it's crucial you give them the space they need, as many of 'em can be 'ighly poisonous.

**u/iwant2die69420** (25,151 points)

“Crikey! This lil ranga is quite the sneaky little one! This particular type of animal can hide in a dark room all day and never even see the sunshine. She will do as much as she can to avoid others of her kind.”

Edit: I don’t remember what he called gingers so I fixed it, thank you for correcting me fellow redditors

**u/CapnBeardbeard** (24,040 points)

I don't care, he calls me a beaut and I really needed to hear it

**u/jvhero** (18,266 points)

"Ohhhh, he's angry!! Calm down big fella. ain't gon hurtcha. Yeah, there we go. See he likes when I give his noggin scritches like this. Yeah, these guys like to get all big an blustry, especially in front of a keyboard. They'll be real mean to each other, but they're good folk though. Just gotta let them know ya care bout'em."

Everyone acting like Steve ever said something bad about the animals. That's not a thing.

**u/newsensequeen** (13,587 points)

When I was a kid,  my parents were about to get divorced, so I spent my time hiding. 


One day, I was so desperate for some human contact that I sat in a busy place on the playground and looked sad, hoping someone would ask if I was okay.

**u/bigtimejohnny** (11,753 points)

"Crikey!  This animal lives in a dilapidated bachelor pad and is capable of eating his weight in pudding over a weekend!"  EDIT: Thanks for the gold and the little angel thingee!

**u/CockLockDrop** (10,774 points)

"ISN'T HE A BEAUTY?! You're alright, fella. You're alright. 

This guy is out looking for a sheila but he isn't having much luck. He's coming in late to the party."

**u/_Ishmael** (9,475 points)

"Now I now what yer thinkin', this here fella looks like an absolute killa. He's big, he's covered in hair, and if he wanted to, he could probably knock mah block off with one swing. The truth is, his kind look far more scary than they really are. Despite their size, they're actually quite timid, and will only attack when threatened and backed into a corner. Truth is, he just wants to find a Sheilah he can settle down with and, who knows, maybe have a coupla kids. Sadly, this fella hasn't had much luck lately. He's the last of his line, and it would be cryin' shame if he never got a family of his own."

\*Puts PS2 controller in my hands\*

"Luckily, here at Australia Zoo, we have a state-of-the-art gaming room, where this fella can play the video games of his youth, and relive his days as a juvenile, when life seemed so full of possibilities."

EDIT: Typed this just before I went to bed thinking I was far too late to the party to get noticed. Thanks for all the upvotes and awards! I hope this made you laugh and I'm sorry if it makes you sad. If it did, please be kind to yourself, life has a way of untangling itself. Steve would want you to care for yourself just as much as he'd want you to care for nature.

**u/GregGoryx** (5,907 points)

"Hes a little sad righ' now, why don' you pet him, give 'im a little rub"

**u/monkeyhind** (5,798 points)

I did something similar that I can't even bring myself to fully explain.  I don't think I really recognized how lonely I was.

**u/lolboonesfarm** (5,654 points)

I was gonna say.

Knowing Steve he would say a lot of nice things and I would just start crying.

**u/6accountsdeep** (5,274 points)

The first half of this hits too close to home....

**u/LogicalHexer** (5,178 points)

You're a beaut mate

**u/SalvaPot** (4,948 points)

I used to do this, but people kept coming over and asking me "Are you ok, little buddy?" and that would annoy me because I didn't actually *want* to be around people, I just didn't want to *feel lonely.*

**u/Invexor** (4,046 points)

Just wait till you start experiencing the second part. I write curled up on the floor next to my two year olds bed at three in the morning (she's ill and require constant soothing, no we don't know if it's corona). My wife is in our bedroom with a squeeling three week old. I fell asleep during a lecture today. Not one I sat as a student. A lecture I was giving.

**u/70sbushforever** (4,038 points)

If you knew how hard I laughed at this...you'd be proud of yourself

**u/DeveloperHotline** (3,762 points)

*audible gasp from the audience*

**u/throwawayashamed2** (3,583 points)

“As you can see he has a little well known illness called “clinical depression,” poor fella. He would rather avoid all physical contact so not to get hurt when we put him down and abandon him later. He’s also a little worried about hurting us when he decides it’s time to kill himself, which we hope will be never. He’s just too important to the rest of the world and much too beautiful, it would be a completely tragedy if we lost him too soon.”

**u/Lemak0** (3,222 points)

That's the spirit!!



How the fu fu FUCK did I get 2.5k upvotes for this lame comment? It was sincere but still.

**u/Jayfields01** (3,102 points)

Man are all gingers the same?  cuz... same.
