# Without saying what the category is, what are your top five?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/Saith_Cassus  
**Score:** 133,660  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/99eh6b/without_saying_what_the_category_is_what_are_your/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Saith_Cassus** (61,870 points)

Top five ways to let me down

**u/Saith_Cassus** (54,020 points)

Top five topics that the writers of NCIS don't understand

**u/Saith_Cassus** (53,576 points)

Top five baby names (2018)

**u/Saith_Cassus** (47,627 points)

Top five people who legally changed their name to Dylon.

**u/Saith_Cassus** (47,177 points)

Top five Things that should be used for breast implants.

**u/Saith_Cassus** (43,268 points)

Top five ways to describe both an orgasm and a fart.

**u/Saith_Cassus** (42,453 points)

Top five people names that could easily be mistaken for the names of small African countries you've never bothered to learn about

**u/Saith_Cassus** (40,704 points)

Top five underpants you have worn

**u/Saith_Cassus** (39,350 points)

Top five movies to put on in the background while your baby sleeps

**u/Saith_Cassus** (35,933 points)

Crippling depression mostly

**u/Saith_Cassus** (35,376 points)

Top five fruits to put on pizza to really piss off your friends

**u/Saith_Cassus** (35,176 points)

Top five songs that you would like to hear Ska covers of

**u/Saith_Cassus** (33,616 points)

Power rangers.

**u/Saith_Cassus** (30,948 points)

Top five Things to discuss on r/meirl

**u/Saith_Cassus** (30,420 points)

Top five ways to play twister at the family cookout

**u/Saith_Cassus** (27,754 points)

Top five sex toys

**u/randomwordsforname** (26,473 points)

top 5 chinese tattoos white girls get

**u/Saith_Cassus** (25,517 points)

Top five names for your wing dang doodle

**u/Saith_Cassus** (25,098 points)

Top five men you'd call Daddy while wearing a leather harness and butt plug, but like, *platonically*

**u/Saith_Cassus** (24,388 points)

Top five positive integers that are not 1-5, 7, 8, 10-13, 15-71, 73-87, or 89-infinity

**u/Saith_Cassus** (24,353 points)

Top five movies with strong, independent women who don't need no man

**u/swtadpole** (24,268 points)

Silicone, Glass, ABS Hard Plastic, Steel, Aluminum

**u/CrackTheSkye** (23,327 points)

Top five things that initially seem enjoyable but later leave you feeling awful.

**u/JeF4y** (23,038 points)

The most common items purchased together before ordering a diet coke.

**u/Saith_Cassus** (22,964 points)

Civilization games.
