# With Christmas 364 days away, people who already have their decorations up, why?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/writer_wannabe46  
**Score:** 133,428  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/kkmgzr/with_christmas_364_days_away_people_who_already/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Briznar** (19,733 points)

The tree actually looks really nice where it is. We might just move it to a corner and take the decorations off of it

**u/[deleted]** (15,172 points)

Christmas hasn't arrived for us yet. so jokes on you.

**u/Some_Animal** (12,053 points)

Santa lives in my house, he makes baseball bats for the kids, i wouldn’t want to offend him.

**u/CountMordrek** (10,418 points)

In Sweden, we celebrate Christmas for 20 days which results in us celebrating the end of Christmas on the 13th of January. Up until then, you’re supposed to keep the Christmas decorations up.

**u/snukebox_hero** (10,196 points)

Houseplant

**u/Liteboyy** (9,562 points)

My mother in law actually hasn’t taken them down since Christmas 2019. At this stage my ears have become pointed and I’ve actually lost some height.

**u/CanineRezQ** (6,529 points)

Are you in Hell?

**u/imonlinedammit1** (5,795 points)

They celebrate Christmas for 20 days.

**u/Poem_for_your_sprog** (5,274 points)

Trees for Christmas!  
Trees for seasons!  
Trees inside for all the reasons!  
Trees for fetes and fairs, vacations,  
Party nights in all the nations!  

Have them sooner!  
Have them later!  
Be a festive innovator!  
Lose yourself to merry meetings,  
Happy moments, season's greetings!  

Deck the tree with decorations  
Made for *all* the celebrations  
Any time in any weather!  

Have your fun!  

Or don't.  

Whatever.

**u/Cunnilingus_Academy** (4,257 points)

I used to work as an assistant to people with various mental challenges, this one guy kept his decorations up 365 days a year. Nothing like chilling in the living room in July and there's a fully lighted and decorated Christmas tree standing there

**u/Donovan322** (4,158 points)

He might be Russian or something else since I know Russia and other places are have it in January

**u/[deleted]** (3,348 points)

How is Christmas in Sweden? I was watching a show and it seems so cozy and everyone gets really into it and participates.

**u/shartnado3** (3,046 points)

There is a million dollar idea here. Decorations that can be changed to match the season. Those Christmas lights and tree turn into a Valentines day decoration! And so on.

**u/apjak** (2,743 points)

Um..  there are twelve days of Christmas.  Today is day number two.

**u/go2kejdz** (2,737 points)

The Eastern Orthodox church has their Christmas 2 weeks after the usual date of 25th December, as they celebrate it as they would on the Julian calendar.

**u/zillsaa** (2,521 points)

Then they can take the decorations down

**u/Waggadaoku** (2,321 points)

I never got around to taking them down.

**u/Quexedrone** (2,159 points)

on the 13th of January.

**u/reddicyoulous** (2,083 points)

Does your FIL have a jolly white beard?

**u/GnarlyJr** (1,959 points)

Up until then, you're supposed to keep the Christmas decorations up.

**u/titaniumjackal** (1,557 points)

It's great, but it comes in a flat box and you have to assemble it yourself.

**u/Can_I_Get_A_Beer** (1,487 points)

Its called Half Christmas

**u/yohowithrum** (1,440 points)

I grew up in Nova Scotia and we could have pretty long winters. We had something similar like this. We made a giant snowman out front in December. Fortified it with water so it would freeze. We had him hold a sign that said happy NY. And then my dad cut the sign into a heart and it said happy valentines. And then the snowman was still there with a green hat for st. Patrick’s day. And then the snowman got bunny ears for Easter in April. I think he finally met his maker mid-may. He did his duty.

**u/marasydnyjade** (1,315 points)

You’re supposed to leave your tree up until Epiphany.
