# [Serious] Americans, would you be in support of putting a law in place that government officials, such as senators and the president, go without pay during shutdowns like this while other federal employees do? Why, or why not?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/iamtehryan  
**Score:** 132,996  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/aicgpz/serious_americans_would_you_be_in_support_of/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Tom_Brokaw_is_a_Punk** (61,594 points)

I would prefer that Congress can't leave the Capitol until a budget is passed.

**u/Mr_Drewski** (58,500 points)

I think that could turn into a game of big bank little bank.  The wealthiest politicians could just wait out those with less money in order to get their way.

**u/deathtotheemperor** (34,915 points)

This is a terrible idea.

For one thing, most of them would not care. My Senators are worth millions of dollars, they don't even notice their salary.

For another thing, *some* Congresspeople do really depend on their salary. This is their only source of income.

See the problem here? If we cut off their pay then the rich Congressmen have a weapon to use against the poorer Congressmen. There would be *more* government shutdowns and threats of shutdowns, and "vote with me or lose your paycheck" would become a viable, common tactic for the wealthier members of Congress.

A better idea would be to just stop voting for idiots. Or, more applicable to this audience: fucking vote.

Edit: Thank you for the gold and silver, and the great discussions! This shutdown is extremely frustrating for everyone, and there are no easy answers. But the more we talk about potential solutions, the more likely we are to find some that work.

**u/WastingTimesOnReddit** (16,899 points)

Apparently this is actually the exact reason that they still get paid during a shutdown, so the rich politicians can't hold the non-rich ones hostage over certain issues. (or so I have heard, maybe that's wrong)

Edit: it's been pointed out that almost everyone in congress is rich enough that a couple months without pay would have practically no impact at all. The "rule" I mentioned seems outdated nowadays...

**u/western_red** (16,184 points)

I'd rather change the law so that not passing the budget defaulted to a continuing resolution.  There is no reason a shut down should happen.

**u/bkwrmi** (15,822 points)

No, but I'm also against allowing critical federal employees to go without pay. I think if they're required to work, we should be required to pay them.

Regarding the "why not" of politicians - we're finally starting to get some who *aren't* coming from wealth. I'd hate for those people to get pushed out because they can't afford to be politicians. I want to see more representation of working and middle class people in our government.

Obligatory update: Thanks for the silver, kind internet stranger!

**u/PukingDogg** (13,591 points)

The whole reason they don’t already is because then the richer congressmen would use it against the poorer ones. Terrible idea.

**u/MomentOfXen** (12,378 points)

No, seems pretty pointless. Not many of them are struggling for money. 

We should institute Canada's policy. If you can't run a government, you all immediately go up for re-election.

**u/paul_maybe** (12,281 points)

It's not a bad idea, but we also have to include the President, since he has to sign it to make it law.

**u/keilwerth** (11,886 points)

I kind of like how our Canadian and UK friends handle this: if you don't pass a budget in time, an election is triggered.

**u/meyec** (11,383 points)

Make it like how they select a pope - lock them in the capitol building until white smoke appears.

EDIT holy shit guys I struck a nerve!  I’m glad I’m not alone!

**u/AreYouASmartGuy** (9,859 points)

When I clicked this thread I was like hell yea this should obviously be a law, but just hadn't thought of this. Would be an awful idea for this alone.

**u/AzyncYTT** (9,404 points)

A better solution would be to cancel recess for everybody involved.

Edit: Just to clarify, ~~recess~~ removing recess means that the senate cannot adjourn.

**u/frequenZphaZe** (7,373 points)

I think the correct solution is: congress isn't allowed to leave D.C. until the shutdown is resolved. sit down and work until you figure out how to do your job

**u/5654567876543** (7,304 points)

Huh, I came into this thread thinking "Oh great another agree-a-thon where OP pretends to try and start debate over something on which 99.99% of reddit already sides with him" but your comment totally blindsided me. I never considered this angle for a moment. Well said.

**u/fractal2** (4,955 points)

You dont get to leave the chambers. There's food brought in, access to restrooms and showers but no leaving the premise until a resolution is made.

Edit: so after reading some comments amd thinking. I'd like to add that the executive branch does not immediately get locked in as well unless they vetoed a budget before the shutdown. But once congress passes a budget if the president vetoes they are immediately placed in the chambers and locked in. 

Edit2: removed the now showers and raising the temp idea. Don't want things too rushed...

**u/cwthree** (4,490 points)

This,government 100%. If Congress can't pass a budget on time, the government is broken and needs to be replaced.

**u/Zerole00** (4,446 points)

At face value I would think it's a good idea, but I saw someone pointed out a rather logical reason why it wouldn't: basically the wealthier representatives could wait out the poorer ones.

**u/iamtehryan** (4,419 points)

Agreed completely on this. If they're being forced to work, they need to be paid.

Can you imagine working any other job where they forced you in and didn't pay you? There would be an uproar.

**u/Tom_Brokaw_is_a_Punk** (4,209 points)

True, but the Congress could override a veto if they really wanted to.

**u/nahill** (3,376 points)

I'm British and I literally don't understand why slavery is apparently still a thing in the U.S.

**u/nalc** (2,995 points)

Yeah, seriously. If you're putting pressure on your politicians to have to choose between "do the right thing" and "get evicted from your house", it's not really a fair government. The rich and powerful Senators who have been in power for decades won't notice the paychecks missing, it will be the first-term Representatives who are actually trying to make a difference that will get hurt the most.

**u/karma_void** (2,980 points)

Or better yet, prevent the speaker of the majority leader from being the sole person who can call a vote. Mitch McConnel has prevented the Senate from voting on a bill that the Senate approved 100-0. No one person should have this power.

**u/TrayusV** (2,946 points)

In Canada, if a situation like this happens, rather than a shutdown, an election is triggered. If the government can't do their job: Govern, then everyone gets removed and we vote new people into office. This way, the government will avoid these situations at all costs.

**u/TheMSensation** (2,455 points)

Have you not seen designated survivor? This seems like a bad idea.
