# If, instead of rebooting movies, it became a trend to retell them from a different characters perspective, what film would you want to see retold and from who’s point of view?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/FozzyBearTheMuppet  
**Score:** 132,347  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/glk2hd/if_instead_of_rebooting_movies_it_became_a_trend/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/GRZMNKY** (34,210 points)

The Matrix from Agent Smith's view.  Constantly trying to quell the stupid human insurrection...

**u/kim-sheckell** (28,128 points)

Mean girls, as told by Regina George

**u/inckalt** (25,240 points)

Matrix but from the perspective of a regular police detective trying to stop the murder spree of these crazy people who kill everybody without reason. At one point he would interrogate Neo:

"So you believe that nothing if real? That's why you can kill random people? Because they don't exist?"

"No. The world is fake but the people are real."

"And you kill them anyway?"

**u/booffershoess** (20,465 points)

The story of how Grandpa Joe got into bed and then decided to just stay there the lazy old cunt. Explain yourself.

**u/DodGamnBunofaSitch** (19,948 points)

'enders shadow' did this exact thing with 'enders game'

(done by the original author, no less.)

**u/dannethdevito** (18,340 points)

Toy Story. Andy, a young boy who enjoys playing with his toys in his spare time, often wanders into him room to find things...off. Something may have moved, a toy may have vanished only to reappear the next day, voices are heard from his room from the ground floor only to hear a slight panic then silence whenever he approaches the room again. And imagine, one day, if he heard this talking once again only to walk into his room, hear the split second SHOCK to silence just to see his favourite, cowboy toy laying on the floor. Only this time, just before he laid his eyes on the toy, he could see in the corner of his eye the left hand of Woody just slightly flop to the ground. Flop to the ground as if he just fell. But, how could a toy fall if it was laying on the ground to begin with? That's if, it was laying on the ground the whole time. He begins to think that he is never truly alone in his room anymore and those beady toy eyes that face him in the night while he's sleeping arent just facing him out of chance.


They're watching him.
They're looking.
Andy isn't alone.


Nor was he ever alone.

This is the tale of a boy who loses his mind at the thought that he has never been alone for his entire life and that the 'friends' he made growing up may be a little more real than he first thought.

A little too real.

**u/humaniswear** (17,277 points)

Willy Wonka from the point of view of an oompa-loompa who is working to ignite a slave rebellion amongst his people.

**u/inhooverwetrusted** (16,579 points)

Frozone. Where WAS his super suit??

**u/cingalls** (15,951 points)

It's a Wonderful Life from Mary (the wife)'s point of view.  Married to a dreamer with fits of depression, while raising 4 kids, rebuilding a beautiful old Victoria house, helping him make his ~~dream~~  passion of helping his community come true  and trying to protect him from his loser uncle, all while watching him spiral into a deeper and deeper depression.  Will she be able to help him out of it?

Edit: changed dream to passion.

**u/robotlasagna** (15,110 points)

Star Wars from the empires POV: basically telling the story about this terrorist group that was planning the biggest act of terrorism in the galaxies history: the destruction of a military peacekeeping starbase.

We follow the empires anti terrorism unit as they try to find the spies transporting the stolen plans and head off the attack.

**u/Jollyjinx** (14,791 points)

John Wick would become a horror film.

**u/postisapostisapost** (14,240 points)

Forrest Gump from Jenny's perspective.

Edit: sp

**u/Farndock** (13,208 points)

Jurassic Park lost world, except from Ingen's perspective

**u/hyde4279** (12,675 points)

Hot Fuzz but from the perspective of the neighbourhood watch

**u/jondread** (10,997 points)

Saving Private Ryan from Private Ryan's point of view. It's most just him slogging in the Army until Captain Miller shows up

**u/hdmx539** (10,860 points)

I was going to say The Matrix from Morpheus' point of view. The prequel being how he learns of The One and getting his band of folks to find Neo.

**u/Limp_Distribution** (10,677 points)

I want to know R2D2’s perspectives.

**u/a_fpoon** (10,450 points)

That crazy guy from birdbox who forced people's eyes open. Seriously, I want a story about what he actually saw and why he wanted people to see it so bad

Edit: this post had like 100 upvotes when I wrote this, didn't know some random thought I had about a movie would get so many people talking about it and that is really cool.

**u/ToxicPotato42** (10,010 points)

Mulan from Captain Li Shang's point of view. He starts having feelings for one of his soldiers, thinking he's gay. Then he finds out that Ping is actually a girl in disguise. Good news, I'm not gay. Bad news I'm supposed to chop her head off.

**u/NotWhalek** (9,866 points)

Shrek, from the bear child's point of view. At the start of the movie you can see momy bear and daddy bear and the child all in a cage and later you can see the child bear crying into daddy bear. Lord farquaad is then later shown to have a bear mat.

Edit 1: When child bear is crying into daddy bear, mommy bear is missing.

Edit: 2: Ok so now I know that the bear mat was 100% mommy bear.

**u/Tom_Dynamite** (9,569 points)

"He's right. I am a clever girl."

**u/schonleben** (9,548 points)

Jurassic Park from the velociraptors’ perspective.

**u/uk_com_arch** (9,424 points)

Lord of the rings trilogy from Saurons perspective. 

1. Your order has been dispatched. (Unfortunately it is delayed due to being misplaced in transit)

2. Your order is out for delivery. 
(Please be in between the hours of November and January to sign for your package). 

3. Your delivery has been placed in a safe place.  (Despite being home, I did not hear the bell, and oh no! It’s been tossed over the back wall and ended up in my pond!)

**u/Inside-North** (8,825 points)

The lion king from scars pov
