# Iceland just announced that every Icelander over the age of 18 automatically become organ donors with ability to opt out. How do you feel about this?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/Fraktari  
**Score:** 131,049  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/ac9038/iceland_just_announced_that_every_icelander_over/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/TNTom1** (60,581 points)

As long as the ability to opt out is easy and evident, I don't care.


Edit: Thanks for the upvotes everyone!!! I really did not expect my opinion to be appreciated by so many people.

I did read most of the comments and responded to some. It seems a lots of people can't think of a reason to opt out. The only answer I have to that is everyone has their own view on life and may have different views then the majority.

**u/PoglaTheGrate** (35,420 points)

I've always said that this should be the way.

I got an extra 13 years with my dad thanks to someone else's heart.

**edit**  I'm going to do my best to get back to every responder to this comment.

It's almost exactly a year to the day that my dad died, and you've (mostly) all made me tear up with your comments and stories.

#IF YOU WANT TO BE AN ORGAN DONOR, MAKE SURE YOUR FAMILY KNOWS ABOUT IT NOW.

**u/emiven** (34,924 points)

You know exactly how reddit feels about that shit

**u/KarhuIII** (31,021 points)

My organs are free for all if anyone needs them.

**u/ILoveToEatLobster** (29,722 points)

As long as I can still taxidermy my body when I'm dead, they can have my organs.

**u/Craeshard** (27,098 points)

Smart idea. If you care enough to not be an organ donor, you can just opt out. This just encreases the pool by adding the folk who don't care. I do believe there should be a clause added for those who could not reasonably be asked to give consent in the first place.

**u/mialene** (27,045 points)

I don’t know, my heart’s just not in it. 

Edit: on a serious note, it’s a great idea.

**u/futureboyalex** (23,285 points)

"Heartless man saves dad's life"

**u/7tindar** (17,858 points)

It's super easy. You do it online. I just tried it, and after signing into the site with two-factor ID, it was literally 4 clicks. (I didn't actually register as a non-donor, just checked how it's done)

**u/makethemoonglow** (11,607 points)

Alright, please lie down over there.

**u/says-okay-a-lot** (10,992 points)

Getting really tired of these "Reddit, how would you feel about *X scenario that has been vehemently supported/opposed on this site since its inception*?" questions. Yawn.

**u/DandyLion69** (8,147 points)

Right? I want to be stuffed and mounted next to a giant beaver.

**u/to_the_tenth_power** (7,757 points)

When I die, I'm seriously thinking of going the "donate my body to science" route. Would be comforting to think I'm being of some use. And if my family wants a part to cremate or bury, they can have foot or something.

**u/MortusX** (7,566 points)

There seems to be this weird stigma that people have where they think that if they are an organ donor and the ER folks see that when trying to save their life, that for whatever reason they'll half-ass it so they can get their organs.  I've never understood it, but this seems like a good way to handle that.  Let people choose **not** to be helpful postmortem instead of them having to choose **to** be.

**u/Boogzcorp** (7,164 points)

Take lungs now, Gills come in 2 weeks!

EDIT: First ever Gold is because of Futurama! Awesome!

**u/everspy** (6,279 points)

OP has just made a post for the sole purpose of farming karma. How do you feel about this?

**u/Jabwarrior58** (5,420 points)

FaThEr StEaLs MaNs HeArT tO sPeNd 13 MoRe YeArs WiTh SoN

**u/Complete_Loss** (5,308 points)

This is what my grandmother did. You get more than a foot or something, I'm not sure what's permanently removed - not my field. I do know it took about 3 yrs. before we got ashes to bury so they take their time with the cadaver, that's for sure. I'm the one who actually laid the ashes in the ground, never forget it. She liked beer and chocolate so we all had a bit of that at the service in rural Nova Scotia (Upper Stewiacke) with about 15 people in plain clothes, no preacher or strangers. Anyway, don't know why I got into all of that.

**u/pazur13** (5,048 points)

Redditors of reddit, how would you feel about politicians no longer being corrupt, the North Korean government shutting down and a cure for cancer?

**u/gmsteel** (4,984 points)

I'm with Sean Lock on organ donation. 

Go for it as long as all my organs go to the same person, so it is less of a donation and more of a hostile takeover.

**u/Freekbot** (4,817 points)

Meh

**u/SkeleTorgo** (4,789 points)

*Nice beaver.*

*Thanks, I just had it stuffed.*

**u/saintofhate** (4,768 points)

Most old people's organs aren't that good anymore because of the milage on them.

**u/to_the_tenth_power** (3,853 points)

I feel like that's the mindset of most people. They just don't care, so might as well do something useful.

**u/Lucapi** (3,574 points)

Thing is that a lot of old people can't "just opt out online" I'm not against the idea, i'm playing devil's advocate here. But this discussion was created in Holland about 2 years ago. People didn't like the government deciding for them this way, they didn't want to be forced to act if they wanted their body to remain "their own"
