# How would you feel about cars having two different horns, like a polite “please would you move a bit faster, thanks” and a “fuck you for being reckless and dumb”?

**Sub:** r/AskReddit  
**Author:** u/tomato_soup_  
**Score:** 131,033  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/j7mglx/how_would_you_feel_about_cars_having_two/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/vegasrandall** (21,485 points)

there use to be a motorcycle aftermarket horn that was great, if you gave a quick button push you got a quiet, polite roadrunner style nice 'beep'. BUT, if you held that sucker down the horn went into a combination of ocean liner foghorn and a thousand live sows being shot with bb guns. it was very effective.

**u/sparklecaptain** (15,990 points)

My Chevy Volt already has this!  It is awesome and I use the quiet one (at the end of the turn signal lever) for “ok, stop texting the light is green” and the normal one for, you know, horn stuff. Chevy put it on there as a pedestrian warning horn since the volt is so quiet, but yes all cars should have one.

**u/reddit_and_forget_um** (8,431 points)

I always wanted a "sorry" and a "thank you" light as well.

You know the feeling of cutting someone off accidentally, a couple flashes of the sorry light would be great. When someone let's you cut, or does something else Friendly, you could flash the Thanks. 

Would work better then me just yelling it out loud in the car... I feel like this is the type of thing tesla would take up...

**u/billbapapa** (5,461 points)

I can push my horn gentle for the "Love tap" or I can pound on it to fart out my rage.

**u/Inspirasion** (5,184 points)

https://youtu.be/mw7HRRlhBfY

Putting this here so others can hear what it sounds like. One of my favorite Volt features.

**u/TannedCroissant** (4,950 points)

In the UK it’s normal to say thank you to a driver in front of that’s letting you through by flashing your headlights.  Sometimes if someone lets you out of a side road in traffic, they end up behind you so you may say thank you by flashing your hazard lights.... and occasionally you might also say thank you to a police officer for not giving a speeding ticket by flashing your tits.

**u/TangoKilo421** (4,708 points)

Here's a YouTube video where a guy added that option to his car... plus an extremely loud horn for times when you really need to make a racket! 

https://youtu.be/lv8wqnk_TsA

**u/IamSplam** (3,802 points)

Yeah mine's just got the **OI CUNT** horn which I think is fitted as standard in Australia.

**u/Based_Redpilled** (2,729 points)

For a simple "Hey, light is green" I give a very quick double tap on the horn.

For a "Yo, I'm in this lane dumbass why are you merging" I give one very long drawn out honk.

**u/problematicccc** (2,514 points)

in aus, flashing headlights means check speed, cameras/coppers nearby

**u/Sharingtheplanet** (2,302 points)

Mark f-ing Rober.  The guy is legit.

**u/Slingus_000** (1,914 points)

I feel like that was an idea at some point, but we kind of just developed a Morse code type thing with it. A quick bop on the horn is a little reminder to pay attention, and the longer you hold the horn the more anger you're expressing lol.

**u/Wingser** (1,661 points)

Cool!  I have a Malibu and it does not have an *ahem* horn at the end of the turn signal stalk.  I'm so jealous!

**u/TyNyeTheTransGuy** (1,532 points)

greatjob 👋🏻👋🏻

**u/jigaopuaysi** (1,092 points)

actually there's a polite way to use the OI CUNT horn isn't there? 

Two short taps ("honk honk") for *ahem*, one long press (HOOOOOOOOONNNNNNKKKK) for OI CUNT.

Granted, most people default to the latter.

**u/Delavuke** (1,047 points)

The universal driving language.

**u/drkidkill** (979 points)

I'm wondering if you are the only person here who actually drives. It can be bep, beep beep, or beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee...

**u/themaskedugly** (973 points)

same here ^([e:non-american]), if it's not obvious what they're signalling it's probably a speed-trap - or if you see a motorcycle tapping their helmet

**u/Ishdakitty** (812 points)

In my neck of the woods it can also mean "deer in the road, be alert" but we actually went to court in my state to establish the right to signal a speed trap and won.

**u/mrBaDFelix** (741 points)

Is that dude seriously shooting a video while doing  40 MPH down a road?
I mean he could have honked in a driveway or something

**u/lordkabab** (705 points)

Two taps for "'scuse cunt"

**u/nesquik8** (611 points)

“Howdy stranger”

“What part of ‘you can suck my asshole’ did you not underfuckingstand?!”

**u/TopKarateBaby** (598 points)

He can do literally everything lol

**u/MajorMustard** (591 points)

We have that already. 

Quick beep or two for the first purpose. 

Long sustained beeeeeeeeeeep with eye contact for the second purpose

**u/MissKay24** (589 points)

In the US, it's usually "hey slow down, there's a hazard up ahead" hazard can be anything from cops to turkeys in the road lol

It can also mean, hey fuck face turn on your lights
