# I’m in love with my gym bro

**Sub:** r/offmychest  
**Author:** u/lilStupidWhore  
**Score:** 28,266  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/ugcb2i/im_in_love_with_my_gym_bro/  

---

I (Male 22) fell in love with my gym bro (Male 24). Problem being, I thought I was straight.

This all started a few months ago, I noticed this guy at my gym and I knew something was immediately off. I was like nervous to even look at him, but I decided to get rid of that nervousness and just talk to him. He was actually really nice and funny and we quickly became buddies. Then about two weeks later my girlfriend broke up with me. I told him that and we had a heart to heart where he casually came out as gay. But that initial offness that I felt when I first saw him didn’t go away, and I quickly started to piece together that it was the same feeling I get when I look at a really pretty girl. 

And over the months it’s been increasingly hard to be near him because he’s just so…gorgeous I guess. Whenever I go to sleep, I just imagine him there snuggled up to me. I just wanna text him all the time…and I just wanna kiss him so bad. I guess this is me coming out as bi…I met a beautiful guy at the gym and we became best friends, I love his personality, he makes me laugh nonstop, and ngl he’s mad thick. I wanna ask him out so bad

**Update**: at the gym rn, we’re gonna do our sets and when we leave ima walk him to his car and tell him. Thanks for the courage everyone!

**update 2**: I’m fucking crying in my car rn holy shit. He said yes. So I walked him to his car and I told him. And bruh…the way I couldn’t speak lmao I was so nervous. But basically, he said he kinda thought I was into him cause “I can only catch you respectfully staring at my butt so many times before it’s a little sus”. But I told him that I’m bi…and we’re going on a date Friday. But like bruh…he looked so flustered and cute when I told him…he had the prettiest smile lmao. And for the people saying stuff about my vocab and texting…I’m a history major, not smart…my vocab consists of “I guess”, “like”, “idk”, “bruh”, and “fucking”. But anyways…I guess we’re a little more than just gym bros now…I seriously couldn’t have done this if this didn’t get so much random ass support lmao. Anyways…I’m fucking shaking…I actually did it…bruh I love him so much…so so so fucking much. Thank you for the support!

**Update 3**: https://twitter.com/lilstupidwhore/status/1521696754567163904?s=21&amp;t=qP69rlQ9PaNI4GPZbmM7IA
