# I ghosted my family and fiance after what my sister did.

**Sub:** r/offmychest  
**Author:** u/Ok_Independence_579  
**Score:** 18,969  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/x9onci/i_ghosted_my_family_and_fiance_after_what_my/  

---

I need a little advise on the matter as I don't know what to do anymore. 


I was 21 when my fiance asked me to marry him. 

He was the absolute light of my life. We had known each other since pre school, our family's are very close. 

He would come and have dinner with us on a daily basis and vice versa. He doesn't have any siblings but I have 2 older sisters. Which is very important as he was also very close with them. 

We grew up together. When we started dating, I don't think our parents stopped celebrating for weeks. 

He helped me deal with a lot of my anxiety and even when I gained a little weight and my mother berated me saying he was going to leave me, he told her off and said he loved me for who I was, not for what I looked like, even though he claimed I was the most beautiful girl in the world to him. 

We were only engaged for 6 months before the inncident.

My middle oldest sister, lets call her Nicky, was a very cold person, she never showed any affection, she only ever opened up to my fiance as she said she saw him as a brother and he also helped her through a lot of her dark times such as battling drug addictions and breaking the law. 

She and I never saw eye to eye, I loved her dearly because she was my sister but didn't like her as a person. 

Out of the blue she tells me she wants to take me clubbing as we had never been together before and she felt bad that she was so distant to me. 

I agreed and that night we went out. 

Clubbing wasn't really my style but once I had a few drinks, I loosened up a little and began having fun. 

The night was going smoothly until Nicky spotted a guy across the room whom she claimed she wanted to "climb like a tree" She walked over to him and within a few minutes she was back and she had a sour expression on her face. 

I asked her what was up but she never said anything. 

I kept pressing because I didnt want our night to be ruined, she then told me the guy didn't want her number but he wanted mine instead. 

I told her he was a loser and there were plenty of guys around who would kill to be with a girl like her, she didn't budge though. 

She told me she needed to use the restroom and then we would leave. 

I waited for other an hour, during this time I was sipping on a lot of different cocktails, I then started feeling really dizzy and lightheaded. 

I figured I'd just cab it home as I was certain Nicky had left. 

On the way out though, I bumped into a friend of Nicky's whom she had briefly dated. 

He asked me If I needed a hand to my car and I explained I was getting a cab  he said he was getting ready to leave and we could share one. I told him okay and we walked out of the club together and into the first cab we saw. 

I tried to find my phone in my purse but I felt myself getting dizzier and dizzier. 

I don't remember what happened next as I blacked out and the next morning I woke up on a hard sofa, my head pounding. 

When I came to, I realised I was in Nicky's friends house and my phone was sitting on the glass table in front of me, but it was flat. 

When he noticed I was awake he offered some tablets and water and explained that I had passed out in the cab and he didnt remember my parents address so he just picked me up and took me back here where he laid me on the sofa. 

I told him I needed to go home as my fiance would be worried. 

He called a cab and I left. When I arrived at my parents house, my mother, father, Nicky, my fiance and his parents were all standing in the living room. 

I thought they were worried about me but the instant I opened my mouth my fiance asked how could I do this to him? 

I tried to explain that my phone went flat but he then went on screaming about how could I cheat on him. 

I was baffled. Why would he think that? I tried to explain the nights events but I kept getting cut off. 

Nicky then chimed in and said I was a lying S and how could I be so heartless to a man who has been there for me through thick n thin. 

She went on to say I kept flirting with random guys all night and then when she went to the bathroom, she saw me leave with her friend. 

I told her what had happened and she showed me photos on her phone where as we were leaving, his hand was on my back ushering me outside, yes the photo did look horrible and I was so drunk I didn't even realise his hand was on my back at all. 

My fiance was so angry, he kept shouting and his mum and mine were both crying. 

I then asked Nicky to call her friend and he would confirm Nothing happened but when she called him, he told a completely different story. 

He said I begged him to take me back to his and when he did, we slept together multiple times. 

I saw red and started crying and yelling at Nicky because I knew she had organised this whole thing to make me look bad.

I begged my fiance to believe me, but he just shook his head and left. When everyone had cleared out, my mother slapped me across the face and told me to get out. 

I left and went to a friends house where I stayed for a few nights. During those nights I called my fiance crying and pleading with him to believe me that nothing happened but it all fell on deaf ears as he never returned any of my calls or texts. 

My mum texted me and told me she was kicking me out and that she couldnt believe I would do such a thing and a lot of hurtful other slurs I don't think I could repeat here. 

She didn't even give me time to get my things as she threw everything out. 

I was now homeless. None of my family would take me in, as they chose my fiance and mothers side. 

I was homeless and single in less than a day and a half, my entire world had been taken away because of Nicky's lies. 

Now for weeks I tried everything to get my fiance back and my family.

The limit for me though was when Christmas time had come and I went over to my mothers house to try and reconcile. I was sleeping from couch to couch during this time. 

When I got to my parents house, I knocked on the door but no one answered. My friend then called me and told me she just saw on facebook that my family were in another state celebrating Christmas and they had posted pictures online. 

Everyone was there, my sisters, parents, grandparents and even my fiance and his family. 

When I myself saw the photos, I couldn't stop crying as they all looked so happy. 

I cried for days and days before deciding to block them all. I even returned my engagement ring. 

My friend knew someone a couple hours away who was looking for some help in his restaurant and he even had living arrangments above where he worked so I could get rent at a cheap price and work at the same time. 

I wanted to start over with my life as it hurt me that noone took my side and they all left me to fend for myself. 

I was able to move pretty quickly and was doing well, the apartment was tiny and I had to work 10+ hours almost every day, but I was able to save a lot of money. 

Im not living in the apartment anymore, I was able to rent a much nicer condo but I am still working at the restaurant as assistant manager. 

Now it has been roughly two years since I left and have not spoken to any of my family. I have no idea what is going with them until I got a knock on my door. 

It was my ex fiance. I was shocked to say the least, all these feelings came rushing back and all I wanted to do was jump into his arms. 

But then I remembered the pain I had felt and tried to slam the door in his face but he stopped it and asked that I let him explain. 

He said that Nicky had gotten married and she had confessed that she lied about the situation because she had found someone she loved so much and realised what a horrible thing she had done. 

I asked him how he found me and he said my friend told him. 

My entire family had been trying to get in touch with me and want to see me. 

I told him I needed time to see if I even wanted To have them in my life. 

He left and I have been a mess since. 

I don't know what to do, I know I will never ever forgive Nicky, she could rot for all I cared but Its hard because my other family and fiance didn't know she was lying, but I also felt like they abandoned me too quickly without letting me explain my side. 

I don't know if I should forgive them. 

Any advice would be much helpful. 

Thank you for taking the time to read.
