# America is a sociopathic, narcissistic, unempathetic country and it's really starting to piss me off

**Sub:** r/offmychest  
**Author:** u/Furautomaton  
**Score:** 18,414  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/hxv4qh/america_is_a_sociopathic_narcissistic/  

---

I'm normally a calm, reasonable person, but in the past month or so, I'm just coming closer and closer to snapping at people who, frankly put, disagree with my political and social viewpoints. I know that's pretty damn childish, and I know I'm probably going to sound pretty high and mighty and self-important in this post in saying that, but I just need to vent.

I'm so tired of the simple desire to help people being seen as this strange thing. I want all people in this country to have equal opportunities, access to shelter, access to food, access to good education, help for their mental health, help for their addictions, free healthcare, just overall an equal opportunity for success and happiness, as close to that as we can get. I want police and justice reform. I want environmental reform. I want a healthy happy country and planet for children to hrow up in.

But whenever I express this to people, I get scoffed at. I'm just a dumb, lazy millenial that wants free handouts. I should move to another country if the current system bothers me. Minimum wage is too high. Healthcare and college are perfectly affordable, you just don't work hard enough. The justice system is fine, and the cops are all saints; hell, give them more money! Mental health? Eh, you'll be fine. 

This may sound like I'm talking about Trump supports, but this 100% applies to many other parts of the American political system. I'm just so fucking sick of the lack of empathy and the attitude of "Fuck you, I got mine!"

I swear, this country is going to turn me into an antagonistic bastard before long.
