# (Update) A year ago, he asked us to adopt him. Today, we told him the truth.

**Sub:** r/offmychest  
**Author:** u/Kyhan  
**Score:** 18,367  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/idizak/update_a_year_ago_he_asked_us_to_adopt_him_today/  

---

He asked us to adopt him.

My girlfriend's brother pulled us aside that Easter Sunday and laid his heart bare. We told him we didn’t have the means, but that we would follow him to the ends of the earth to stay in his life.

Little did we know that was what would happen.

[That was the stage last time I posted here](https://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/bkuqjp/he_asked_us_to_adopt_him_we_told_him_the_truth/). Technically, it was almost 1.5 years ago, but that isn't as elegant a title. 

Anyway, shortly after that post, he was finally set to be adopted by a lovely family. They had 3 other adopted children, 2 dogs, 2 cats, and a huge house. Pool, white picket-fence... the dream. They were as excited to take him on as we were that he had a home to call his own. We met them for the first time on his Birthday that July.

It was too good to be true.

He has anger issues. After all, he’s been in the foster system for 9 years. He’s prone to defiance and outbursts. To punching holes in walls because he never developed healthy coping mechanisms. They were warned about this when taking him in, and they brushed it off.

In October, after dodging us setting up a visit, they sprang it on us. They called off the adoption. They abandoned him. They had shipped him off to a military-style boarding school for troubled youth without anyone in his case’s approval. He was now basically in prison because they chickened out.

We found out it was even worse. They had sent him to play at the park after school, and while he was gone, his caseworker came. She was told it was an out-of-the-blue emergency. They packed everything he owned in his caseworker’s car, and drove to the park. “Give us 5 minutes,” they said. They almost didn’t even let him say goodbye to his new siblings.

That’s when we knew no one else was going to step up to take care of him. We knew that the only people who would fight for him were my girlfriend and myself.

So we got to work.

We found a place together. We signed up for foster parenting classes (put on a waiting list, technically). I got finger printed.

Every week we could, we visited him at the boarding school. “We are working to get you out of here.” He didn’t have hope.

On Christmas, we were able to take him out for an overnight visit. We told him the truth. “We are in the process of getting our licenses to foster you.” He was ecstatic. He cried and cheered.

“Will I be out by my birthday?”

“Oh Definitely!” we said, in 2019, thinking it was far enough away to make that promise.

But the classes didn’t start until February. The world shut down in March. We could no longer visit him, and our connection to him was cut to either video or phonecalls.

I had to leave my job because of Covid. My girlfriend had to leave hers as a massage therapist, and is now working from home.

His birthday came and went, and we missed our promise to him. But behind the scenes, gears were turning. We finished our classes, we have filed our paperwork, we have had safety walkthroughs of our apartment, we’ve gotten a bed and a desk…

Today, during therapy, we broke the news. The Change of Physical Custody was signed by the judge.

I pick him up from the school tomorrow at 10a.

He’s finally coming home.

---
**[Edit:]**

You guys did the impossible. My partner just made her own reddit account to answer comments. u/PartiallyVoids is indeed my lovely little lady.

---

**[Mini Update 1]**

What a day, Friday was. After he got home, he was practically bouncing off the walls. Not only was it the first time since Christmas that he had free access to palatable food, but my partner and I are avid gamers—Xbox One, all three of us have Switch consoles, we both have gamig PCs, I literally have a closet overflowing with Nerf blasters...

It was cute, even though I realize in the back of my mind how tragic it is. He is so used to only having a few hours with us at a time, so he’s still in “I don’t know when I’m going back, I need to fit as much in as possible” mode. Like, started playing the first level of Halo 5, then paused it and ran to the Nerf closet, leaving the console alone long enough that it powered down on his own before he came back... He kept joking about “waking up.”

Bed was a struggle, as it is with any kid his age. His prescribed Melatonin worked like a charm... for all of an hour. He woke up to a nightmare that he was still at the school. After that, it was one thing after another—room was too dark, we had to scrape together a nightlight that wasn’t too bright. He rolled out of bed, so I pushed it against the wall, blocking his desk. Then he woke up with a nosebleed. Eventually, I had to concede that he’s 13, and I was the same insomniac that age—I had to trust him that he would fall asleep on his own eventually. I think that was important, because at his age, I would do the same thing.

I knew it wouldn’t be easy, but I’m not dissuaded the slightest. Told my parents about the Reddit post, and they were thrilled and amazed by all of your love and Support. 

Anyway, once again, thank you all for the outpouring of love.
