# HOA won’t let us fly our modest Pride flag, so we just follow the rules.

**Sub:** r/MaliciousCompliance  
**Author:** u/memon17  
**Score:** 84,529  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/nq4eui/hoa_wont_let_us_fly_our_modest_pride_flag_so_we/  

---

Due to some neighbors flying BLM flags, Thin blue line flags, and other opinion flags, our HOA decided last month that we’re only allowed to fly the USA flag, and nothing else. They day after the decision, we receive an email that someone reported our Pride flag (that we had in our house since 2016), and that we needed to take it down. We complied and removed the flag. 
Looking through our new rules, we noticed that removable lights are permitted without restriction so... we bought 6 colored flood lights, and we washed our house in pride colors. 
A little less subtle than our simple flag. A lot more fun for anyone complaining about the flag itself and what it represents.
If you’re interested, here’s the house now: https://imgur.com/gallery/SHSv6rd

*edit to point out that the flag was displayed on the front porch, not inside the house. It was a typo when I wrote “we had in our house...”)

*SECOND EDIT: THIS GOT MORE ATTENTION THAN I WAS EXPECTING. JUST CLARIFYING THAT I DON’T HATE MY HOA, I DON’T THINK THEY CHANGE THE FLAG RULE TO ATTACK ME PERSONALLY, AND THAT I DECIDED TO DO THIS TO SHOW MY INDIVIDUALITY WHILE STILL FOLLOWING THE RULES. I just can’t keep up with the comments. 
Thank you all for your amazing support!!

---

## Top Comments

**u/sucobe** (9,972 points)

OP please report back when HOA tries to pass new flood light rules.

**u/Pyreknight** (4,918 points)

HOA tried to bust my balls so many times over the years, until one time they sent pictures of a branch in a gutter over my kids window. I attended the next he meeting and highlighted my son was in the shot. (Barely mind you.) Everyone gasped and I informed them if anyone else sent the same photo type, I'd have them arrested for peeping tom charges for starters. They countered but before they could complete the sentence, the cop in the neighborhood chimed in, along with a lawyer.


Never had another letter with pictures after that.

Edit: didn't expect all this feedback. Cool beans. Thanks guys.

**u/Send_Me_Broods** (4,418 points)

HOA Councilman: "Lights of uniform color and orientation, modest in nature."

HOA Attorney: "...you can't be serious."

**u/GISP** (4,371 points)

Dosnt changing HOA rules require a meeting with all the HOA members and for the rules to be voted on?

**u/memon17** (3,167 points)

It did. And we attended. I actually sit at the board, but there was no fighting this rule at this time.

**u/BowwwwBallll** (3,095 points)

This is why you always go to your HOA meetings.

**u/Myte342** (3,061 points)

Worse, it's a fucking HOA so they will dictate the make and model and intensity and light color/warmth of the light to a T. They will do this so they have yet one more thing (or in this case many more things) to fine people for. Edit: And the exact bulb will only be sold by this one guy who owns a small mom and pop shop and is realated to the HOA president...

**u/archbish99** (1,758 points)

Our lawyer bashed our HOA with a recent court case concluding that while the CC&amp;Rs permit *amending* the covenants, it doesn't say anything about adding new ones. Therefore all the "amendments" which were wholly unrelated to existing restrictions were not plausibly amendments, and therefore null and void without a **unanimous** vote of the current owners.

Edit: Since people keep asking, adding this to the parent comment. Excerpt of the lawyer's letter at  https://www.reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/nq4eui/hoa_wont_let_us_fly_our_modest_pride_flag_so_we/h08w3is

**u/omghooker** (1,632 points)

r/fuckhoa

**u/CheshireRaptor** (1,445 points)

I once had a neighbor complain about my cats sleeping on thier cat tree that could be seen through our front window. HOA told her to stop complaining as it's not against the rules so she started throwing things at our window to scare the cats whenever she saw them. We had security cameras that caught her and once she actually broke the window as my cats did not GAF and never moved when she'd do this. I was on the couch under said window when it broke and have a nice scar on my right arm that shows up when I'm not blinding white. We sold our house after HOA and police made her pay for a new window and my medical bills. We weren't going to live around that batty bitch any longer.

**u/Gold_Avocado_2948** (1,329 points)

I got my old HOA on opening up the mail slot (that allows a mail carrier to drop mail in the garage) to see if we had a car in there while I was going to check the mail. As she was continuously hounding me for parking on the street. I agreed to go ahead and park my car on the sidewalk and not go directly to the police on mail tampering and stalking charges.

**u/Captjimmyjames** (1,214 points)

FYI, if you haven't already been told, they can not forbid you from flying flags from the armed services.  It's actually law. I learned this when I was the president of my HOA.

So I say go get a large service flag and fly it, just to get then riled up. When they lose that fight they may just say screw it and give up on the flag issue.

Love the compliance though.  Never remove the lights, they're fabulous.

EDIT: Apparently this varies by state.  Check your state laws. I'm no lawyer.... I'm just throwing out another way to screw with them.

**u/ekaceerf** (1,161 points)

My friend lives in an hoa community. All lights visible from a window have to be the same color and hue.

**u/valathel** (1,114 points)

Wow.  In my state a change to the HOA covenants requires a 2/3 approval by a vote of all homeowners.  The board cant change any rules on their own.

**u/psykad** (963 points)

Good thing all my lights are Phillips Hue bulbs. Checkmate, HOA.

**u/-Haliax** (866 points)

Stop I can only get so erect

**u/afsdjkll** (650 points)

If they ban the lights, we pitch in and buy OP 7 of those gas station wiggler things in rainbow colors

**u/[deleted]** (638 points)

IDK, they look kinda gay

**u/tpyourself** (626 points)

Woah. The lighting is much better than a simple flag imo

**u/LandmineFrisbee** (549 points)

Call that Home-O-Sexuality.

**u/laurenodonnellf** (466 points)

I (think) a similar situation happened to me when I was a teenager. It wasn’t for breaking the HOA though, but instead our neighbor trying to bust us for not getting a permit when making our garage into a bedroom. 

My dad has actually added on a lot to our house without ever getting permits for it. One day when I was like 12 we got a notice that our house is being inspected by the city because they got a complaint. They inspect the house, catch nearly everything my dad built, and made us tear it down. One thing they did not catch was that our garage was now a bedroom. We were 99% sure the complaint came from our neighbor two houses down who was super nosey and would always stare at our house if my dad was working on it. 

Fast forward to when I’m about 16. The garage room is my room and I’m getting dressed for school in the morning one day. I’m barely dressed when my dog starts barking at the window. I look up at the window and see a camera and a man against the window. I scream “What the fuck?!?!” And close the blinds quickly and the man runs off. I get my dad and my dad runs to catch the guy, but there is no sight of him. The window he was at is not visible from the street. It is at our side yard which has a very tall secure fence/gate and is hard to get to because of overgrown bushes. 

My dad warns our direct next door neighbor about it since she is a young single woman. She tells us she thinks it is the other neighbor (the one we think complained before) since he is always snooping around her house too. 

I personally think he was trying to get pictures of the garage bedroom but then caught me half naked and underage so his complaint never came to light. Exactly how you claimed in your story!

**u/throwme1623** (403 points)

To be fair to the HOA, in this case it sounds like you had an insane neighbor, not a shitty HOA

**u/TheMusiken** (366 points)

They need them all to stick them up their asses.

**u/AmethysstFire** (348 points)

&gt;They day after the decision, we receive an email that someone reported our Pride flag (that we had in our house since 2016)

Wait! Hold up. Someone reported your pride flag ***inside*** your house?

Light that whole neighborhood up!!!
