# You demanded my entire team be at the office for the 4th of July. Fine, enjoy paying for the office party.

**Sub:** r/MaliciousCompliance  
**Author:** u/TheLightningCount1  
**Score:** 70,786  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/vsuaqu/you_demanded_my_entire_team_be_at_the_office_for/  

---

So this starts on Monday, the 13th, as I receive an email from a VP not over my department, or Bad VP. I am told  that my team will be required on the 4th. I politely tell them no that our team has been scheduled this day off and people already have plans. 

My team is the IT team and, as many of you know IT team gets shafted every time it can get shafted by any company. 

So over the course of the week I let my team know what is happening. I let them know I have been reaching out to higher ups to fix it. I also tell them that if their plans are ruined, I will make it right at work. 

Over the course of 3 meetings, it start to look like things will not go my way. In response I send an email to the CEO of the company. All of my higher ups know I was going to do this and said I should do this as he is very family oriented and that he would not allow ANYONE to work on a national holiday. 

Well he is on vacation in the Bahamas until the 6th.  But his assistant informed me he would look at this after he gets back. *Repeatedly slams head into desk.* So I tell everyone that it will be work from home, and that we will be setting my cell phone as priority in the call routing. Meaning I would get most of the calls. To be honest, I was expecting almost zero calls.  Especially since I was asked to send out a notification that IT support would cover the 4th of July. I never sent that email out.

A day later I was given another outrage. I was told in an email that my employees would be required to be at the office, and no one was allowed to work from home. They would be checking the door badge ins to verify we were at the office. I asked why in an email, and they said that they wanted to make sure no one was playing video games at work. We normally work from home about 2/3rd of the week and video game playing is a normal occurrence at work.

So I walked into the person’s office. After a very long conversation where she was losing the logic war with me, she told me that “Its just IT, you guys don’t have lives.” No I am not kidding you, this is exactly what they told me. I reported this to my VP who said. “I will take care of this. It likely wont be until after the 4th, so get creative.” I know this man well. We have worked together a long time and “Get creative” is code for corporate fuckery. 

I asked the person requiring us to be at the office if they cared if we had an office party. They said no, as long as it did not interfere with the call flow. Even suggested using my new company card to pay for it. “Go wild.” Pro-tip, never tell me go wild. 

At this point, it was Tuesday the 21st. I let everyone know what’s up, but that I have something planned. I asked who had things planned for that day. Two people told me they were planning to shoot off fireworks with their family, but the rest were planning BBQs with friends. 

I write up an email to the VP over my department and the Bad VP. I tell them all that I let everyone know. We all were expected to work until 8PM Monday. Per the conversation with the bad VP I will be having an office party as a sort of sorry to the guys and gals who got shafted by this decision. 

The bad VP replied again. “Thank you for your understanding. Also yes I would expect an office party if I had to work on the 4th of July as well. So go wild and enjoy your time. Use your new company credit card if you need to cover a few expenses. Also I should not have to remind you or anyone else. No fireworks or alcohol on company property.”

So now it is time to tell you about my office. See a while back, the IT team was moved from the main corp office and into a smaller building by itself. It has a nice gaming break room, a decent sized gym, and a full on drink bar. Soft drinks mind you, no alcohol at work. Out back is a big patio that crosses county lines as soon as you cross a small creek. A creek that just so happens to have a foot bridge over it, leading to an empty field.   

I start making phone calls.

Monday, June the 25th  

I call up everyone into an hour early meeting that morning. I explain to them all that I will be making it right. I asked everyone to invite their friends and family to the office. No supplies will need to be brought by anyone. I tell them all that this will be non-alcoholic, but that I will be planning something for everyone. I told them to expect all food to be provided and they don’t need to bring anything, unless they want to bring some fireworks. IE they wont have to spend a dime. 

The 4th comes and the entire day, we did absolutely no work. No tickets, no calls came in. Well 7 calls did come in, but from the same person. The Bad VP. She was calling to make sure we were manning the phones. All of us were playing video games or watching movies. 6PM rolls around and everyone was told that the food was ready. 

People were expecting hot dogs, hamburgers, maybe a bratwurst or two. What they got was a full on BBQ feast with pizza and other foods. There was smoked brisket, spare ribs, smoked sausage, smoked turkey, both kinds of tater salad, cole slaw, green beans with bacon and onion, potatos au gratin, pizza from 2 different places, excellent hamburgers, and bratwurst hot dogs. On the deserts side was cake, very good cookies, 4 different kinds of pies, and about 2 pounds of fudge. 

Families, and friends started showing up at around 6-6:15ish. Some brought alcohol but I told them they would need to leave that in their cars as I was not THAT crazy. Some were not too happy about that but agreed as it was a free dinner for random strangers. 

SO let me set the scene for you. I am out there with all calls routed to my cell phone,  and everyone just having a good time. We have a TON of people there just enjoying the fun night, chatting about random stuff, eating the food, and occasionally lighting off some sparklers or throwing firecrackers into the stream. (Its not stocked and only 1 foot deep.)   

My VP, not the bad VP mind you, showed up with his family and brought some water balloons for the kids… and manchildren. 

Around 8:30ish its getting dark and people want to shoot off more than the simple sparklers and firecrackers we had been using. The VP over the IT dept had everyone cross the foot bridge, over county line and off company property mind you, and we set up a big wooden board using it as our launch pad. 

We fired off what we had for an hour or two, and sort of just hang out for a little while. At around this time people were tired and ready to head home. I told people to take home leftovers, within reason.  We all clocked out at 8 and no one left until about 10:30. The bad VP did call once more while we were out back at the party. It was 7:50 and she called asking for a status update. My exact words were. “Well you were the only one to call us today. The rest of us are on the back patio enjoying the 4th of July shindig.” She simply acted like my boss and said “As long as no alcohol or fireworks are on company property, I do not care.”

We ate roughly half of the food catered. The rest was taken home. A small group volunteered to stay behind to clean up including my VP. We had a funny conversation about how this will make waves with the bosses. But he said he had my back and asked me how much this cost. I just gave him a sideways look which made him laugh. 

Tuesday morning, I submitted the expense report to my VP. This email would inevitably make its way over to the bad VP and up the chain to the CIO of the company. It would be a bad idea to give out the exact cost of the party, mind you, but I can tell you that because of this 4th of July party, new rules were put into place. Any expenses of over 4k or more must be approved by the direct supervisor, VP over the department, and the full expense report must be sent to the financial department for review after the fact. 

Hint, the party cost over 6k. 

The BBQ was the most expensive part. I did not order from a low or mid tier place. The place I ordered from has consistently been on the top ten in the DFW listing for the last 30 years. I ate at that place so much I made friends with the owner. The BEST bbq I have ever had. 

The pies and cakes were custom made by a bakery and the cookies were made by a boutique cookie place. I had 10 12 packs of coke, coke zero, Dp, DP Zero, Pepsi, and Pepsi zero. I bought 5 pepperoni, 5 sausage, 5 cheese, 2 hawaiian, and 3 cheeseburger pizzas from one place, and nearly the same number from another place. Excluding the cheeseburger ones I subbed out those for a different specialty pizza from the other place. 

The burgers were from an excellent burger place that did catering. I know that owner well. He brought his kids for the night of fun after he heard what was going to be happening. He was also the one who brought the bratdogs as he recently added those to his menu. 

This was the most expensive office party in the history of the company. The only things more expensive than this were some business meetings that the CEO rented private rooms in high end restaurants for. 

As for the CEO, he was outraged. Not at the cost of the party mind you. He knew that the party would not have been necessary if people had been allowed to go home. He was outraged that IT was the only group required to work on that day. When I submitted the logs showing how we received no real phone calls, no service requests, and that we basically watched movies/played video games during our shift, he had heard enough. He apparently sent out a scathing email about work life balance and the importance of our holidays to every upper management.

It was kind of funny as people wanted me to get in trouble for what I did, but the reality is other departments have done similar things in the past just not on the scale that IT did. The Bad VP was admonished quite effectively and sent me an apology email. I forwarded it to the team with a strong hint to not reply. 

Then my VP let the CIO and the CEO know about what the Bad VP said. “You guys don’t have lives.” The bad VP did actually confirm she said it in a meeting with her EVP. It did not go over well. I have never heard people yelling in an office meeting like that before. The CEO of the company came to our office and YELLED at her. 

Not sure if she was fired, but she is not at work today. In Active Directory she does not have the down arrow of death, so not 100 percent what happened to her.  I know she lost whatever clout she had at this company with her attitude. 

If anything more happens, I will update. But so far it looks like the fallout from this is I caused a new rule to be put in place about how much you are allowed to spend at one time. The Bad VP may or may not be let go/forced to resign. I know she got yelled at. Strangely there is now no longer any push back for my bid to get everyone back to working from home.

EDIT: Please stop asking me where the restaurants are. Im not doxxing myself.

---

## Top Comments

**u/i-always_say-fuck** (12,064 points)

Can I work for you? This is fucking magical.

**u/qole720** (5,532 points)

Me too? My skillset includes knowing how to answer phones, how to turn the computer both off and on, and how to google. I also play video games (sometimes at work).

**u/manananni** (3,713 points)

Amazing! I bet your department loves you, and I bet they work their tails off for you.

**u/i_r_witty** (2,316 points)

This is how to be a manager. Have your teams back.

I just wrote in my annual review how much it means to me that my manager takes my physical and mental health seriously.

 Tell him I can be reached by phone on vacation "no you cannot, direct anyone who bugs you to me". 

Feeling burnt out from debugging assembly code and binary data files for most of the day, "maybe you should take a walk... For the rest of the day. It's not good to be sitting too long you know "

It genuinely makes me feel okay to say yes to new projects and to keep pushing and expanding my expertise. I love my job and my manager is a huge part of that.

Edit: commas are hard, thanks to comments below

**u/engineerthatknows** (1,799 points)

"Top ten BBQ"..."in Dallas/FW area"...I'm sitting here drooling.  And chuckling.

**u/c-lab21** (1,761 points)

IT at my last job tried to poach me for basically that skillset.

**u/HammerOfTheHeretics** (1,445 points)

That "you guys don't have lives" thing just blows my mind.  It's like the attitude bigots hold towards various minorities - a complete denial of agency and worth.  Treating other people like, well, people shouldn't be that hard to figure out.

**u/rebeltrillionaire** (1,303 points)

The funny thing is…

For $6K this guy basically created one of the best team-building events that will ever happen. 

A speaker alone could easily be $5K.

A retreat could cost $20-50K.

If even one person decides to stay with the company for another year because of this event that’s basically a 4X ROI.

**u/l80magpie** (1,265 points)

So awesome.

&gt; caused a new rule to be put in place about how much you are allowed to spend at one time.

"At one time..." Heh heh heh.

**u/Alyeska23** (999 points)

Everyone wants a day off to spend time with friends and family relaxing.  I'm in IT and spend most of my time on the computer at work and at home.  I still had the 4th of July off and spent the day hiking and just enjoying life to it's fullest.

Everyone deserves to be treated with respect, full stop.  We all have lives outside of work.  Just because I enjoy video games doesn't make my time worth less than someone who enjoys watching football.

OP, mad respect for how you handled that.

**u/SapphireHeaven** (980 points)

So they wanted someone to carry them in multiplayer games?

**u/Mispelled-This** (912 points)

At a past job, my VP hosted a business dinner at an expensive steakhouse with a wine/cigar bar. The bill ended up being $15k, but the VP could only approve expense reports up to $5k.  So he had the check split four ways so his four directors could expense $3750 each and he could approve them all.

A month later, there was a policy update that the *most senior person present* had to submit all expenses to *their* boss, and no split checks were allowed.

**u/PSUAth** (674 points)

wow.  that's pretty crazy.

We had a VP complaining about "un-entered expenses" because our company cards auto-populated our expense software.  So they decide to send out a nastygram calling out all those who have expenses that haven't been attributed to either a job or corporate event.  in their haste, the 5-figure tab from a strip club was included.  At a time when the rank and file were pressed to reduce any and all unnecessary expenses.

there were some rather unpleasant workers after that.

**u/creative_im_not** (666 points)

Rocket League, I'm your man. Any FPS and I'm a potato.

**u/Magicalunicorny** (659 points)

Grand potato

**u/r_u_dinkleberg** (428 points)

&gt; "no you cannot**,** direct anyone who bugs you to me".

Comma added for emphasis. ;-)

**u/8dogsinatrenchcoat** (424 points)

And really, does a speaker or a retreat ever make a difference? Not one of the many I've had to attend in my life has. Mostly just "Uh huh. Yeah. Knew that. Thanks for sharing I guess? Come on, I have actual work that I have to do."

Lest I sound like a total ass, I haven't ever (fortunately) had to go on a work retreat, I'm not that (kind of) important. Had to attend a lot in school though. And I really, genuinely like my colleagues. 

But shit, man, motivational speakers and groups are anything but. 

My boss gets us together once in a while, trains us on novel stuff directly related to our jobs, usually buys us lunch, and we're in and out pretty fast. No bullshit. I respect that INFINITELY more than I would a  woo-woo retreat or an allegedly motivational speaker.

**u/WTFWTHSHTFOMFG** (416 points)

I ran a team of support engineers  for a big $ corporation I worked for almost 10 years ago.  I had something similar happen but it was over Thanksgiving Holiday.  

My team supported the entire division.  A Sr. Director over another department that my team supported sent me an email that my team would have to be in the office over the thanksgiving holiday.  I flat out said no.  They went livid and started blasting me about the business need and how critical it was.  

My response was to add every ducking body on CC -- including their team alias.

I said "My team is willing to support any team that will be required to be in the office during this four day holiday.  In order to ensure folks have access please provide me a list of people that will be in the office so we can make sure the right support team is available. 

the Sr. Directory replied to to me directly, removing everyone from the CC and gave me a list of names and thanked me for having my team give up their holiday for them.

I added everyone back include the VP and Senior VP and asked "Can I get confirmation from the individuals there so that we can ensure their access works so they won't be locked out with no one but us around."

Their team went to HR to complain that they had never been told to be the office and found out from me that they were supposed to.  HR asked me for everything including slack conversations where they were most adamant how it was required and I didn't have a choice.  not long after that I received an email from the Senior VP that the request was cancelled and to tell my team to enjoy their holiday.  

Not long I was introduced to that team's new Director.

**u/scarlet_sage** (410 points)

And how support staff get treated. IT, administrative assistants, office managers, cleaning staff, receptionists, ...

Edited per a reply: QA and testing, release management, ...

**u/meresithea** (390 points)

Me too! I’m about to visit family in DFW and want to know where the good BBQ is so I can eat some!

**u/subnautus** (358 points)

&gt; This is how to be a manager.  Have your team’s back.

My general philosophy is a good team is like teeth: if you don’t take care of them, they’ll make a mess of things on their way out.

**u/JFerrer619** (325 points)

This post is exactly why I come to this subreddit.

A well composed story, actual malicious compliance, an actual pay off that's worthy of the build up, and to top it all off, an actual fallout and consequence!!! Too many posts on here just breeze through (or don't even mention) the aftermath.

**u/CzarinaofGrumpiness** (302 points)

5 figure tab from a STRIP CLUB??? Please tell me someone lost their job...

**u/Saint-Peer** (272 points)

It sounds top down with the CEO and direct VP establishing this culture of treating employees right with one bad egg.

**u/EnterraCreator** (262 points)

There actually was an April fools one year. All the ranks were vegetables. It was grand eggplant. Lol.
