# Manager forces me to get a doctor's note despite it being illegal to do so. Doctor writes him the most passive aggressive note signing me off for 2 weeks instead of 2 days to teach him a lesson.

**Sub:** r/MaliciousCompliance  
**Author:** u/kathjoy  
**Score:** 70,682  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/owkndb/manager_forces_me_to_get_a_doctors_note_despite/  

---

I posted this but it got removed and I think it was maybe because I didn't make the malicious compliance clear enough , so I'm going to try again and make it extra clear.

When  I was in my early twenties, I worked at a supermarket. I should note  that I was a pretty reliable employee. I was never late, in fact, I  often got in early, and I rarely called in sick. At the time this  happened, I had not called in sick for 9 months, and even then, the  manager had sent me home.

I had  been up all night, swinging between burning hot and freezing cold so I  was obviously feverish, and I had been throwing up 'at both ends' shall  we say. At one point at  about 2 am I was on the toilet, with my head in the sink, utterly miserable. I must have passed out  because the next thing I knew I was lifting my head off the sink and it  was 7 am. I was due to start work at 12 that day but that obviously  wasn't going to happen.

So I  called up the manager. Let's call the manager Steve. Steve was known for  being a real a-hole. He never believed anyone who called in sick  except his best buds (usually other managers, never lowly staff), but often called in sick himself (a lot of the time we knew it was because he was hungover and not actually sick). The conversation went as  follows:

Me: Hey Steve, sorry, I can't come in. I'm sick.

Steve: With what?

Me: I don't know. I think it might be the flu. I've been up all night being sick, and I have a fever.

Steve: Don't be stupid. If you had the flu you'd be completely knocked out. I need you in. Come in or you're fired.

Me: I can't. I just told you I can't stop vomiting. I passed out.

Steve: (growling angrily) Either come in or bring a doctors note, or you're fired!

In  the UK, you are legally allowed to self-certify for 5 days. This means  you can tell your employer you are sick and you do not need a doctors  note. If you're sick for more than 5 days, you then need a note. It is  also illegal to demand a doctors note during the self-certify period.

I  knew this, but I was terrified. This was during the recession. I  couldn't afford to lose my job. So I got myself dressed. Almost passed  out trying to do so. Then trudged to the doctors some 25 minutes walk  away.

I end up sitting in the  doctor's office for a little over an hour, which for walk-in was pretty  good. I get in to see the doctor and she is furious at me for coming in.  You're not supposed to come to the doctors when you have a cold or flue, and of  course I knew I should be able to self certify. She told me as such,  saying I shouldn't be here and should have stayed at home.

I  then explained what had happened with Steve and how he had threatened  to fire me over this and I couldn't afford to lose my job - I was  struggling as it was. My doctor  turned her anger towards my manager. She asked if I got sick pay from the company, and I said yes.

"He wants a sick note does he," the doctor says. "Okay. I'll give him a sick note.

Now, my manager just wanted a note confirming I was sick, but instead my doctor wrote something along the lines of this:

'\[My Name\]  has come to the surgery because \[manager name\] has insisted she come in,  in spite of the fact that this is illegal and all employees are allowed  to self certify.  Due to being forced to make this unnecessary and  highly dangerous trip when the patient is ill, has a fever of 39°C, and  almost passed out in the waiting room, I am signing \[my name\] off for  two full weeks to recover. Had \[my name\] been allowed to self certify as  is the law, they might only have needed a few days, but due to  straining themselves, they now require two full weeks. They are not to  be permitted to work until \[date 2 weeks later\]'

The doctor said she would have signed me off longer but this was the longest she could do without requiring further evidence. So basically, instead of just being off for a few days, I was now signed off for a full two weeks, and I'd be paid for it.

I went to my place of work, at which point one of the duty managers  saw me and asked me what the heck I was doing here, go home, I was  obviously very unwell. I explained what happened. They agreed to help me  downstairs to Steve's office and went with me inside.

I handed Steve the note. He looked worried and tried to say 'I wasn't being serious about firing you.'

Well gee, when you angrily growled it down the phone it sure sounded like it.

The  duty manager then declared that they were going to drive me home. It  was clear Steve wanted to argue but had the sense to know he shouldn't.

The  duty manager then drove me home, made sure I was okay, then went back  to work where they informed our union rep of what had happened.

Steve  had a disciplinary hearing where he was given a severe reprimand and a  warning. Steve tried to argue he never said I'd be fired and I was lying  and just decided to go to the doctors, but the duty manager said they  heard him admit to it when he said to me that he really didn't mean it.

I  felt better after a few days, and enjoyed my two weeks off, fully paid,  and enjoyed the nice weather we had. Meanwhile, Steve was forced to  work overtime because we were short-staffed. So thanks to the doctor,  instead of being off for a few days, I ended up getting a nice two week  paid vacation, and Steve was given a final warning, all because he insisted I get a doctors note.

TL;DR: Manager demands I get a doctor's note or I'm fired, so the doctor signs me off sick for two weeks instead of 2 days to teach him a lesson.

Edit: To clarify the whole 'you're not supposed to come in when you are ill'. I should have been more specific - the rule is you're not supposed to come in when you have a cold or flu. The reason is there's nothing a doctor can really do except recommend you take over the counter cold and flu meds. So it is recommended that you do not come in if you have a cold or flu and instead take meds at home or pick some up at the pharmacy instead of risking infecting those waiting in the surgery. Even then, it's not a hard core rule, more a common courtesy asked of people. If you really want to, you absolutely can.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Tall_Mickey** (7,404 points)

""He wants a sick note does he," the doctor says. "Okay. I'll give him a sick note."

Menace drips from every syllable. ;-)

**u/SeaworthinessOld2390** (5,308 points)

I know its not the point of the story, but respect to the duty manager for backing the employees claim that Steve threatened to fire him. Often managers stick together. Its rare a manager will openly go against another during a disciplinary.

**u/DarthGayAgenda** (4,117 points)

Man, Steve is a dick. I don't know if it's the same in UK, but any employee that works around food self reporting diarrhea or vomiting is not supposed to work.

**u/kathjoy** (1,947 points)

Same laws in the UK, and I split my work hours between working in the bakery and the deli, so I would 100% have been handling food if he'd had his way.

Thing is most managers ignore that rule (or at least the ones I had did) so even though if you have anything like tha you're supposed to call in sick, you're often discouraged from doing so.

**u/Karmaze** (1,741 points)

In Canada, some doctors started billing the companies directly who demanded doctor's notes for routine illness.

**u/Comrade_Witchhunt** (1,391 points)

I worked at an Applebee's here in the US, fell down while cooking, puked on the floor, and got fired for going home early.


Don't eat at Applebee's.

**u/adventuresinnonsense** (1,146 points)

The same threatening energy as Granny Weatherwax "about to do what's best."


Edit: Thank you for the awards!

**u/nohearin** (728 points)

Yeah, definitely wondering what kind of consequences there will be for the duty manager. It’s possible this was a pattern and the duty manager wanted the manager gone as well so it would stop being a problem with the union, but whew, that’s a lucky break for OP.

**u/PARANOIAH** (674 points)

I have a similar tale on a different tangent.

In my country, guys are conscripted into military/police/etc. service in our late teens/early 20s.

I was consripted into the military and dropped out of basic training because I developed a back problem. Was then reassigned to a different unit as a store person dealing (great idea getting a guy with back issues to carry stuff around eh?) with radio equipment. I was placed under the "care" of an non-enlisted person who I shall call Brown. Brown didn't like the cut of my jib because I frequently reminded him that I have an official excuse slip from the military doctors that said "excused from carrying heavy loads".

Brown always liked to ask if the "heavy loads" was specific/quantifiable and after one too many times of me telling him that, he basically forced me to "demand" that the camp doctor to just write something. I did just that the next time I saw the doctor he sighed and just wrote a note that stated "excused from heavy loads of more than 5kg".

Thanks to him, I got to avoid tons of otherwise unpleasant work and also got out of having a second go at basic training again when they sent me back to training school since even the most basic of your gear would weigh more than 5kg.

**u/Onetime81** (516 points)

If I'm ever in this situation again I'm requesting my doctor do this. Company demands it? Company can pay the 15k for an ER visit over bullshit.

**u/Shadepanther** (481 points)

GPs take their role of being the gatekeepers of the NHS very seriously and will not tolerate their authority being questioned

**u/KTB1962** (381 points)

I hope he was salaried and not hourly, too, which made working overtime even more arduous for him

**u/Good-Introduction-89** (362 points)

Looks like he learned that the old my way or the highway doesn't work.

**u/DeseretRain** (336 points)

&gt; Don't eat at Applebee's.

I wasn't going to anyways.

**u/CoderJoe1** (332 points)

Very nice MC and a good story.  Suck it Steve.

**u/Simon676** (323 points)

15k? For an ER visit?!? You have to live in the US right?

**u/kathjoy** (318 points)

Yup. He was salaried. Managers were all salaried, while staff were all hourly.

**u/Shishire** (303 points)

Nobody ever asks "best for whom?"

GNU

**u/binkstagram** (238 points)

If Steve was on a final warning, he's done other pretty bad things too. Other managers probably think he's a dick too and want rid

**u/Living-Complex-1368** (214 points)

Imagine if we had the same sort of sting operations for food service workers and sickness that we have for selling cigarettes to minors...

"You demanded the employee come in when he said he was puking, that is a $500 fine, not for the company, but for the manager."

Edit wow, thank you for the award!

**u/[deleted]** (200 points)

When my mom died in the icu (intensive care unit, by the by) all tallied up the bill was over 1 million dollars. Thank Christ my dad was a veteran and had the benefits.

**u/Effective_Fix3235** (195 points)

As an American, I can testify that the thought of a crisp-yet-menacing British accent is enough to give the shivers.  There's a reason we all love it when the baddie in a movie or tv show is british LOL.

**u/kingofwarz** (188 points)

That note was really sick indeed!

**u/MachuPichu10** (187 points)

US medical is an absolute joke smh

**u/Balbright** (186 points)

Here’s hoping the Duty manager got a raise once they axed Steve for his inevitable next offense. This sounds like it happened a long time ago (based on OP saying she was in her early 20’s) so let’s hope Steve learned a lesson from this and shaped up or got fucked.
