# Landlord advertises all of our company’s equipment for sale to our competitors. Best follow our eviction to the letter.

**Sub:** r/MaliciousCompliance  
**Author:** u/poshbo  
**Score:** 69,246  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/gbn0ka/landlord_advertises_all_of_our_companys_equipment/  

---

**UPDATED**

Tl;dr (SPOILERS) landlord gives us 7 days to vacate our leisure business from the building, he thinks we cant empty the business during lockdown, and proceeds to advertise OUR equipment for sale to our competition. We sell everything in 7 days and destroy the rest. Enjoy no rent and the loss of your potential buyers.

I work for a leisure company, think soft play, indoor soccer, laser tag (can't be specific) Prior to lockdown, Managers and the big bosses were negotiating the renewal of the lease on one of our parks. Things were going mostly smoothly, however, the landlords were difficult to contact.

Then 2020’s shit hit the fan.

All of our sites were closed, and everything was thrown into a mess. Negotiations began to slip down the priority list; nobody thought the landlord would push an eviction for an expired lease during this period. Especially with it still getting rent, despite the sites closure, and the closure of every business and restaurant in the immediate area. We were wrong.

A few days ago we received a letter saying we had 7 days to leave the premises and take everything with us. We are reminded that anything left in the building after 7 days will become the landlord's property! (that line is very important).

Now a lot of construction goes into installing our equipment into a new building, which makes emptying one even harder. Add a lockdown, with no staff and most businesses shut, it meant that saving much of our assets would prove to be extremely difficult.

To lose a profitable site and all of its assets is definitely a blow to our company. But here is where it gets worse;

A few days into our 7-day eviction, we find out that the landlord has been advertising our park to our competitors. But he isn’t offering just the building, he is offering ALL OF OUR STUFF PRE INSTALLED. “Ready to go, just needs re-branding.” The landlord has evicted us from the property in an attempt to increase rent and make a solid profit from our equipment installed because he thinks we won't be able to empty the park.

We were furious.

And here is where the malicious compliance came in, we were told we had 7 days to move everything we owned out of the property. so that's what we did. Local businesses from all around offered up free space to store our things, a few people came back out of lockdown and they all spent the rest of the week removing, selling or destroying everything that was related to us. We didn't even leave light fittings.

In every other sight vacation we have seen, we always end up leaving thousands of $$ worth of disco lights in the ceilings because they’re too hard to get. We leave most the construction in, as well as things like the bars and kitchens that all stay intact (recognisable as what they once were) but not this building.

We ripped up the flooring we installed, tore down the walls that were not part of the original structure (Wooden walls to divide up the space) ripped apart our manager's offices and removed all artwork, and lockers.

The landlord now has every new deal he has been making dead in the water, a large renovation bill to install new flooring etc. (or a company willing to do it themselves like we were).

Lockdown has been extended another 4 weeks, so he has at least another 4 weeks without rent (we were paying) and won't have any potential buyers.

Silver lining: The assets we got out of the site (fridges, tv’s, equipment, food, tables) have all been sold, and the lack of rent and additional income has helped the business and paid staff wages.

UPDATE

Hi Everyone! I'm so sorry for how long an update has taken, I was waiting for things to unfold.

Here is what happened next:

We handed in the keys and it was probably the quickest handover we’ve ever had. The landlord Cleary didn’t want to make any kind of conversation and there was definitely an elephant in the room, but he definitely said NOTHING about the lack of our equipment.

Complications did arise when we went to get back various deposits, But he had no case to withhold the deposits from us as the building was in excellent shape. (we had conducted much of the maintenance work ourselves, so the building was in a significantly better condition than we found it, (we also cleaned up 99% of the rubbish and dirt from our demolition crusade so he couldn't bill us for cleaning) )

A very minor bit of pressing from our legal team meant that we received everything owed back in full!

The building is still Vacant and as of yet we don't know of any potential buyers.

At this moment in time our company is still standing despite the pandemic closures and lack of business, staff are all still employed and doing well!

A huge thanks again for everyone who took the time to read this and to those who were dedicated enough to remind me for updates :D Big shoutout as-well to the amazing people who gave awards, I really really appreciate it and I’ve been making sure to pass on the good karma :)

---

## Top Comments

**u/EmEmAndEye** (11,101 points)

Would love a follow-up on the landlord's misery, a few months from now.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

\*\* EDIT June 18, 2020 \*\*

YESSSSSSSS!!!!

So incredibly satisfying!!

This is the best news I've heard in months.

**u/poshbo** (6,053 points)

I will!

**u/maleorderbride** (4,582 points)

You should get one of the other local businesses to inquire about the space, emphasizing how happy they are that all the amenities are already there, and see what happens. Seems like you have a good relationship with some of the people in the area, they might be willing to help you twist the knife a bit.

**u/SalbaheJim** (3,218 points)

If he hadn't pulled that maneuver you would have likely left much of it intact to his benefit.  Instead you got everything out and managed to sell it to the benefit of your company and employees.

You should send him a box of chocolates and a note thanking him for motivating you into doing what turned out to be the best option for your people.

Although, hand delivering it and having someone record his reaction would be priceless.

**u/knewbie_one** (1,682 points)

Nah. The ghosting is lame.
Ask for the damn contract and sign it "in good faith" but Insist on taking possession of a readily available working space immediately in writing.

Then on day 1, invite the nice friendly lawyer that redacted the contract to come and verify everything is as per the contract.

Sue.

Possibly profit

**u/Divine_Squire** (1,484 points)

I would have liked to been a fly on the wall when the landlord entered the property after move out was completed.

**u/MikeOx_Girthy** (1,329 points)

Pretend to be another company and promise to come sign a contract and lead him on for weeks and then ghost.

**u/brooklynnineeight** (975 points)

Reading this gave me a strange kind of joy.

**u/Sage1589** (842 points)

Glad someone beat me to this. 

"Dear \[former\] landlord,  
Thank you, I guess?"

**u/Woodie626** (717 points)

Schadenfreude: (*noun*) pleasure derived by someone from another person's misfortune.

**u/MikeOx_Girthy** (683 points)

Sounds risky but I like where your head's at

**u/poshbo** (673 points)

When our biggest site got closed down a few years ago, it was down to the landlord raising the price of the rent to an eye watering amount (3 years later, nobody has moved into that building). 

We only had 2 days to move out (cant remember why) and because of that we left 90% of our inventory. 50k worth of disco lights, parkour courses, food, ovens, tables. We left most of it. 
The landlord was pretty nice about it tho, and every once in a while lets us go back in and collect some stock we are struggling to get. (I.e branded T-shirt’s, uniforms ect when we have supplier difficulties). 
3 years later all of our stuff is still in there because he wants too much rent for any of our competitors and its too much money to remove all of our installed facilities. 

The point I’m making is that when it comes down to it, we have in the past left thousands and thousands of $$$ of assets in other venues with forced evictions. (We do do our best, we hire as many lorries, vans and staff as we can, but there’s only so many cafe sofa’s and tables that you can fit onto a truck and have somewhere as big as our other sites to store) 
So if the landlord hadn’t been a dick and at least waited a few months before listing it for sale, he could have had a working attraction that just needed some decorating.

**u/KyleSetFire** (540 points)

The fact that he would advertise the structure as "ready to go" says otherwise. He's already selling things he doesn't own under the "assumption" that he will end up owning them. So I'm fairly sure he's the kind of idiot that would sign a contract without checking the site 🤣

**u/CaptainNomihodai** (504 points)

Reading this story made me smile. Thank you. I'll add my voice to those asking for future updates.

One question: did your company consult an attorney before doing this? The actions by the landlord you describe have my lawyer senses tingling (not even close to my practice area, just "intuition") and I wouldn't be surprised if what he did (forcing an eviction so as to take possession of the property, thinking it would be impossible to move fast enough) was illegal. It certainly violates the spirit of the law, if not the letter of it.

**u/poshbo** (495 points)

Yes there’s something definitely fishy about it. I’m not too sure how much of the legal side was investigated, but the company does have a legal team that i imagine looked into it. 

By the by, it was our smallest site. It was up for major renovations this summer to get it to be as good as our other sites. The forced eviction was obviously a big loss, but due to it being the smallest site I don’t think we cared about legal justice. We were happy with a little bit of a revenge and just using the extra money for extra renovations to our other (already cool) sites.

**u/YourDimeTime** (455 points)

I would have filled the building with trash and debris as the last thing. "anything left in the building after 7 days will become the landlords property"

**u/feng_huang** (432 points)

"[Happiness at the misfortune of others? That ***is*** German!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCQGQ5qBQTA)"

**u/Etherion195** (431 points)

How are such short evicition notices even legal? Plus i highly doubt that the line in the contract “everythibg left behind is now mine“ is fully illegal too.

**u/shexna** (425 points)

Entered with a new potential renter.

**u/poshbo** (400 points)

Potentially, the other businesses helped us so much that I wouldn’t be surprised.

**u/secretcurse** (376 points)

Best funeral home in the goddamn country is what I’m guessing.

**u/Sprocket_Rocket_** (353 points)

Send him a box of chocolates, but when he opens the box it’s filled with just the wrappers and some half eaten chocolates. The chocolates are just like you left the building, empty and useless.

**u/gamyng** (339 points)

Better call Saul.

**u/grauenwolf** (332 points)

Commerical contracts typically have less safeguards than residential contracts. 

And if you don't renew the lease on time, they can just lock the doors. It's not necessarily like an appartment where you need to go through the eviction process before taking action. 

As for the goods left behind, the alternative is to have to pay storage fees. So it may be in their interest to abandon the stuff that isn't easily portable. 

So yea, I can set negotiations running long and bumping up against the deadline.
