# "As per my NDA, I am not allowed to discuss this position with former employers. Since my firing is effective immediately you are now a former employer"

**Sub:** r/MaliciousCompliance  
**Author:** u/[deleted]  
**Score:** 68,106  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/r0ln0g/as_per_my_nda_i_am_not_allowed_to_discuss_this/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Lessiarty** (8,478 points)

&gt;manager *nearly* lost her job because of it

Well that's very disappointing.

Sterling work yourself, though.

**u/hankbaumbachjr** (6,003 points)

Even without the NDA if I were fired "effective immediately" that means my job no longer is paying me to answer such questions so I have zero obligation to answer them.

&gt;You fired me and now you want me to finish doing my job for free?!?

**u/mallon04008** (4,980 points)

Ah, technically correct....the best kind of correct!

**u/technos** (4,710 points)

An acquaintance of mine got out of his non-compete with a trick like this. 

A couple months after quitting he gets a call from his former employer, asking if he could pretty-please help out one of their customers. "No", he says. "I've got ten months left on my non-compete".

They offer to hire him back as a contractor to do the work. "My lawyer informs me that would also run foul of the non-compete. I may be contracting for you, but I'm employing myself."

After a little posturing back and forth while he played scared of a lawsuit he got them to release him from it, in writing.

They were hella surprised when the client cancelled their service contract, having hired him full time.

**u/mwaaahfunny** (3,836 points)

Reminded me of a non-compete clause our software engineers had to sign back in the '80s that stated they could not work for a competitor or start a business doing the same work within a 100 mile radius. Mike M quit and started his own business doing software. Got sued. Went to court. His lawyer said "Judge the non-compete does not specify the center of the radius". Aaaaand judgement for Mike.

**u/mythosaz** (2,933 points)

Yup!

I'd be happy to answer any questions you might have!  My contract rate for question answering is $200/hr, with a 40 hour minimum.  Let me know if you'd like to proceed.

**u/HoboTheDinosaur** (1,789 points)

My SO’s former employer tried to pull the reverse on us. The employer had paid for his graduate program in exchange for his working for them for five years. They fired him after 4.5 years and said he still owed them money for the tuition since he didn’t uphold his end of the contract. When he asked for a copy of the contract, they said they couldn’t share confidential files with people who weren’t employees, so no they would not send him his own contract that he signed because he was no longer an employee.

We eventually worked it all out with the help of a legal representative (basically we wrote the former employer a letter stating that we had a lawyer and they backed down). But PLEASE, PLEASE always keep a copy of any contract you sign. It could save your butt.

**u/NoBarsHere** (1,634 points)

&gt; They were hella surprised when the client cancelled their service contract, having hired him full time.

Oh! That's delicious

**u/cranne** (1,505 points)

No response time requirements listed anywhere. It's 100% a BS reason. When I pressed them on it and asked for documentation (because I had proof that nearly every email sent during business hours got a response in under ten minutes), they said proof didn't matter and I was being fired no matter what.

The language barrier between me and my manager led to a lot of miscommunication and lots of 'can you clarify what you mean?' response emails. I think she just got annoyed and thought I was being intentionally dumb

**u/SlapHappyDude** (1,417 points)

I'm sure the only reason they hung on in the short run is they were short staffed after firing OP.

A more evil company would have let go of OP after the event. 17 days is not enough to onboard a replacement! Everyone involved in this decision messed up.

**u/jeffrey_f** (1,326 points)

Definitely a BS reason.  Is the email response time documented somewhere or is that just an arbitrary reason.  You might be able to sue, but then again, not worth the time and energy.

**u/Ghostbuster_119** (1,225 points)

The life of a bureaucrat is one filled with rules, petty revenge, and a surprising amount of limbo.

**u/i8bb8** (988 points)

That is an exceptional bait and switch. Well done that man.

**u/OriginalFaCough** (869 points)

Exactly. 8k to repeat "I cannot legally answer that according to the NDA."

**u/LordGalen** (869 points)

&gt;$200/hr *with a 40 hour minimum*  

That's $8,000 to do an exit interview. Not too low at all once you throw in that minimum.

**u/Cattaphract** (843 points)

200 dollar an hour is pretty tame for a consultant. You can easily take more than a thousand per hour

If they say no then they didnt need it bad enough. Companies are rich

**u/fnuduwuh** (828 points)

How is it confidential if you're the other party the contract pertains to? Sounds like they were trying to bluff, which would also explain them backing down as soon as they heard 'lawyer'.

**u/notquite20characters** (760 points)

I mean, they aren't going to fire her without documented warnings about her performance.

That would be ridiculous.

**u/WhatImKnownAs** (749 points)

You'd think 17 days is not enough, but they gave OP 0 days onboarding, so they clearly thought of it as a position anyone could fill - if they have the data.

**u/lipp79** (738 points)

"HR turned to Legal and Legal pointed out that I was technically correct. They were a former employer and I was bound by my NDA"

That's fucking great that their own legal team backed you up.

**u/Vergenbuurg** (692 points)

Ok, that got a chuckle from me.

Can only imagine where the 100 mile radius *could* be… Оймякон, perhaps?

**u/PapaGuhl** (688 points)

The thing is, what could possibly be so urgent a response in 10 minutes or less is needed, or “the norm”.

Bravo for being able to prove you can and did that, but this is crazy.

Pro-level MC though.  Well done.

**u/Djmthrowaway** (592 points)

Beautiful. I’m gonna have to use that one for my current contract

**u/Chillbytes** (494 points)

Yes that's exactly what it was. They attempted to bully the OP, hoping they would be too stupid to know their rights, too stupid or too lazy to seek legal counsel*.
