# My boss LOVES to call me at 6:15 A.M. to ask me if I would LIKE to fill the shifts of the people who just called in sick.

**Sub:** r/MaliciousCompliance  
**Author:** u/curiousaboutnow  
**Score:** 65,034  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/jgh4j0/my_boss_loves_to_call_me_at_615_am_to_ask_me_if_i/  

---

This is an everyday thing.

I was bored and frustrated, so I decided to volunteer at 3:30 a.m. to call this same manager to ask if they needed extra help. He got super-pissed and tried to write me up for it. I showed the GM the time stamps of the calls I had recieved.

I dont get calls anymore.

---

## Top Comments

**u/NotAnAcademicAvocado** (5,936 points)

I quit my last job because of those calls. They started out as texts first and then I would get a flurry of texts. My boss told the girl that would call out sick all the time (every sunday/saturday) morning to just call me in the morning. Oh hell no, the worst part of it was is that we had a policy that you couldn't call out sick more than a few times here or there.

**u/FondofFrogs** (5,762 points)

When my old job added an extra shift in the warehouse (I worked in the office doing customer service) my boss told me that he instructed the night crew to call me if they had questions about orders, shipping etc. 

I told him they could call but I won't answer. He was pissed and asked why.
I reminded him I was hourly, not salary and once I clocked out, my day was done. (Most people in my dept were on salary). I told him I would take calls if I got overtime.

**u/curiousaboutnow** (3,028 points)

How would I drink their tears, or post this?

**u/Caramellatteistasty** (1,940 points)

Depending on the state you live in, if they did call you it would be a mandatory payment of 1-4 hours of work per call.


Edited: because my brain stopped working. Never write a comment just before you fall asleep.

**u/pretenderist** (1,785 points)

Why not just set Do Not Disturb hours on your phone?

**u/baeb66** (1,670 points)

I used to cover the bartending shifts for my useless coworker who would frequently call off Tuesday nights because she made good money on Monday nights.  I was the AM person on Tuesday.  

One Tuesday I was waiting for her to show up, so I could leave because I had to get a haircut and pack to leave on a 6am flight the next day for my brother's wedding.  After an hour, I asked the AGM: "Where's Useless?"

"Oh, she's not showing.  We assumed you would cover".

Nope.  Not my job.  I dressed down the AGM about how it wasn't my responsibility to cover for coworkers who couldn't meet the most basic function of a job that even the sixteen year-old busser seems to have mastered: show up.  I cashed out and left.

They never asked me to cover for her again.

Edit: for all of those asking me how you can be so lazy and employed, I worked at a high-end hotel.  It was a corporate structure and they had a very lenient call-off policy.  Also, being that it was a corporate environment, management's performance (and bonuses) was tied to certain metrics, one of them being guest satisfaction in surveys.  My coworker was very good at getting guests to fill those out favorably, so as long as she kept getting good guest feedback, they didn't care what else she did.  

I will say that she had very good customer service skills but what probably tipped things in her favor is that she gave away lots of free booze.  It was to the point that her regulars would come in when I covered her shifts, ask for her and leave when I told them that she was off.  I told management that she was giving away the bar (because she did it using my username one night) and they still didn't care.

**u/Spyger9** (1,228 points)

Good GM. And clever idea on your part.

I really lucked out when I was a waiter; there were always people looking to pick up shifts. I was even able to take vacations by trading shifts with people.

Also the managers knew my lazy ass would almost *always* be the least likely to show up on short notice, so on the rare occasions they called they were in dire straits and offered a bonus.

**u/RedAR95** (1,171 points)

I had something similar but not the same. Instead when people called off, they wouldn’t even bother calling me. Instead, they’d take a pen and write it on the schedule. 

The schedule I had taken a pic of 5 days before. 

Wouldn’t be such a problem, but it was always the very next day, and I was either not working that day, or had already left work so I couldn’t even double check. 

I snapped at the manager who was doing that to me. He called me, like he always did, and asked why I wasn’t at work. I’ve had so many calls like this. I just screamed at him, told him he needs to call me and tell me if I could cover instead of expect me to somehow read his mind. I brought the up with the other managers and they finally fixed the problem. By then though, I was just done. I quit shortly afterwards.

**u/Ctsanger** (1,123 points)

I just tell my coworkers i'm high af and if they need me then i'm coming in baked. I've only had 1 shift where i was just told to stand there and make sure people don't steal anything lol

**u/YourDearOldMeeMaw** (1,043 points)

good for you lol!!

I had a manager who would pull the same shit. hed call me on my day off 30 minutes before a shift started and try to get me to cover it. if I tried saying I'd already been there over 40 hours that week and that he hadnt given me nearly enough notice, hed get super appressive and be like "we are ALL needed to make sure things keep running smoothly, im asking for a TINY LITTLE BIT OF EXTRA EFFORT and you cant even seem to do that, blah blah." 

he was a new manager and new to the company, and I was already picking up tons of extra (uncompensated for) slack since I'd been with the company so long. he transferred me to a less busy location to spite me since I'd make less money. I appealed to the owners , who I'd worked for for years, and they literally didnt bother texting or calling me back 

he got fired eventually, the shop went to shit, the owners begged me to come back (oh you DO have my number), I laughed and rode away into the sunset  and they sold the business LOL

not to imply I was single handedly keeping things afloat but I'm guessing they treated other loyal employees similarly 

anyway you go, screw that guy! oh how the tables have tabled

**u/JesusGodLeah** (1,002 points)

I used to work with someone who would call out at least once a week, if not more. She always had some sort of crisis going on, and her crises always happened right when she was scheduled to work. It was pretty impressive, considering us low-level employees were only scheduled for two to three four-hour shiftf per week, and our schedules were never the same week to week. Yet somehow her crises always fell on days she had to work.


It got to the point where I would check the schedule for the week, and if I saw that she was working the shift directly before or after mine I would make a mental note that I was working a double that day. I desperately needed the money so I always did it, but I would have appreciated just being scheduled for those extra hours in advance, instead of always being asked the day of because someone else couldn't manage to get her shit together for the umpteenth time. 


One time, she came in to print out her pay stub while I was working, and she had the audacity to complain about how small her paycheck was. I wanted to tell her, "You were scheduled for five shifts during that pay period, and you called out for three of them. I know, because I'm the one who covered them. What the hell did you expect your paycheck was going to look like?"

**u/bicockandcigarettes** (886 points)

I don’t know if it’s a state thing or a Union thing or my company just being awesome, but if we work even just for one minute, we have to get paid for at least 4 hours. In our case it has to be management that calls you for some reason or sends you home early if you show up.

**u/isglitteracolor** (783 points)

Doesn’t matter what time of day it is, if someone tries to call me into work on a day off and I don’t wanna work I say “oh I would but I’ve had a few drinks...”

**u/assmeisterking** (651 points)

At a job I worked in my early 20s they had a great system for this. You could volunteer to be on standby in case people called in sick. Just for being on standby and calling in at 8am to check if you were needed you got $10, I think $20 on the weekends. And if you ended up having to cover someone else you got hourly pay on top of your salary for the hours worked. Completely voluntary and you were the one calling in. Of course, one of the reasons it worked was the sheer number of potential people who could cover you. I would have been pissed if I had been called at 6 am and asked to cover shifts.

**u/su5** (587 points)

This guy reddits

**u/CrimsonPrincessX** (528 points)

My last job was so freaking obsessive about this, only they’d blow up my phone as early as four am. I’m so glad I quit. Have a day off? Five to ten calls.. three or four texts. It was fucking ridiculous. And they get super butthurt if you don’t answer and cut your hours for it. Like.. if it’s your day off they need to respect that. If you don’t answer on your day off they shouldn’t take it personally *because it’s your day off*

**u/toothy_vagina_grin** (498 points)

&gt;well just don't get to close to anyone and don't hurt yourself and it will be fine

**u/MageVicky** (482 points)

lol, I can just picture your coworker now: "well, give me the money you made, then, because technically *I* was on the schedule, not you."

**u/gotnolettuce** (481 points)

In my (pre-world shitstorm) job, we called them minis. Depending on the gig, it was either 4 or 6 hour minis. When I was on the road, 1 minute = a whole day's pay. 

If you end up on a load out with old timer union guys, it's another story. Instead of 2 hours on the out to get paid for 4, they will stretch it past 4 to get an extra hour. I can recall getting yelled at because I was dropping points "too" fast. Idiots

**u/WigginIII** (461 points)

Speaking of shifts, I learned eventually that, if the manager starts scheduling you for very few hours a week, it’s a sign they want you to quit. I remember getting only 8 hours a week for a couple weeks. Like 2 4-hour shifts. Looking back that new manager probably wanted me to quit. 

Except i was 18 living at home with my parents. I also saved most my paycheck and had few expenses. I didn’t *need* to work. I just worked my couple shifts and then played video games at home. Didn’t take long before my hours started creeping back up when the busy season started. The point here being: I was completely oblivious to the objective of the manager.

**u/SaladLeafs** (449 points)

What I do is have favourites set to override DND status.  Close family and friends i just star them as favourites and calls/messages from them will come through any time.  Everything else is muted after 10 and before 7.

**u/Finalfates** (433 points)

I used this excuse once and my boss said "well just don't get to close to anyone and don't hurt yourself and it will be fine".

**u/curiousaboutnow** (404 points)

This how the game is supposed to be played. ;)
