# Take off my earphones while you're speaking to me? Sure, no problem officer.

**Sub:** r/MaliciousCompliance  
**Author:** u/-Take-It-Easy-  
**Score:** 65,004  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/rw9wr4/take_off_my_earphones_while_youre_speaking_to_me/  

---

Happened this morning. Even though I made a complete and full stop at a 4 way stop, I get pulled over by a police vehicle, lights flashing, the works. I turn my dash cam around to face me and whomever goes in front of the driver side window. 

I roll it down and ask "what seems to be the problem officer?" Officer looks at me the way one would look at a sticky piece of gum stuck to the bottom of one's shoe. "You didn't make a complete stop." he says. I adjust one of my hearing aids (lost part of my hearing due to being a touring session musician previously) and before I could speak, he firmly orders "Sir, take off your earphones when I'm talking to you!"

I take both hearing aids off and look at him. I can read lips a little but we're both masked so I can't understand what he's saying. I communicate in sign language simultaneously while speaking verbally "I'm deaf and I didn't understand what you just said. Can you communicate to me in ASL (American Sign Language) please. He points at my hearing aids that look like Apple Air Pods, motioning me to put them on. I respond "Yes officer, without those I can only communicate in ASL. Please instruct me in ASL and I will be compliant in every possible way".

He looks at the dashcam that's neatly pointed squarely at us and mumbles "For fuck's sake". He then motions for me to to go, giving me 2 thumbs up. Needless to say, I rolled up the window and drove away as fast as legally allowed.

Couldn't wipe the smile off my face all day, Lol.

Addendum: Whoa! 13K likes in a span of less than 2.5 hours. Thanks all! Don't worry, I'll update with a YouTube link as soon as I and a more gadget savvy nephew extract the footage. I will not be driving the car to preserve the video and to not risk getting it recorded over.

Cheers!

---

## Top Comments

**u/Aysher** (8,810 points)

As soon as I read the title, I thought “Please be hearing aids… PLEASE BE HEARING AIDS!“ I knew it would be great.

**u/JoeyP1978** (3,534 points)

I'm a chief union steward at my job. We have a total A-hole area manager who said a hearing impaired colleague couldn't use his Bluetooth hearing aids while driving. 

I smiled and was filled with immediate joy and excitement. "Can I have that in writing please?" 

Suddenly my guy was allowed to wear his hearing aids.

**u/Olthar6** (3,413 points)

Love this. He knew he was screwed.

Once back in college I was coming back to campus from going out to bubble tea with 3 friends. I rolled up to a 4 way stop and saw a cop parked down the street. I turned to my friend in the passenger seat and said "wouldn't it be funny if he pulled me over for not stopping." After finishing that sentence, I started to turn towards him from the complete stop I had been at.

I didn't even get to the cop before his lights went on and he pulled me over. He did the "do you know why I pulled you over?" BS, to which I replied no sir. Then he said that I rolled the stop sign and everyone in the car except for me started to laugh. The officer was not happy about it and asked why they were laughing. When I explained that I'd called out being pulled over while being stopped at the stop sign he started backing off his BS lie.

Turns out I did have a tail light out, but there's no way he knew that until after pulling me over because I was driving towards him.

**u/FastestNutInTheWest0** (3,047 points)

*reads title* 

“Oh fuck man I hope this dude is deaf”

**u/-Take-It-Easy-** (2,828 points)

LMFAO! I might. Next time my gadget savvy nephew comes over, I'll ask him to help me post it on YouTube, haha!

**u/bleachspot** (2,782 points)

Post the dash cam footage.

**u/poorbred** (1,500 points)

Asking for something in writing is kryptonite. I learned it the hard way after not getting some contradictory instructions in writing and almost getting fired after things went sideways because of it.

It's hilarious watching somebody suddenly backpedal. I haven't done it often, but when I have I've phrased it all innocently, "Okay, just send me an email so I don't forget."

**u/ifyoudontknowlearn** (1,467 points)

You mean the moment he realized he was caught doing something dumb. His dumb move was long before he noticed the dash cam

**u/monkeyharris** (1,366 points)

Just a warning that waiting too long will cause the video to be overwritten. I don't mean this to rush you, it's just to avoid possible disappointment.

**u/HeilYourself** (1,306 points)

In a former life I was a bartender.

Late night Tuesday it's dead and a couple wanders in, clearly coming from a wedding or similar event based on the clothes. While holding his arm she trips a little coming in the door, bumps a table and then slightly collides with the bar. 

He's ordering drinks and I'm preparing the "cutting you off" spiel because at least one of you is intoxicated.

&gt;She's blind. We're just after 1 drink after a long night. No one is driving. 

&gt;I can see she's blind. That's why I'm refusing service tonight. 

&gt;I'm not blind drunk you idiot. I'm vision impaired. 

I've never wanted to die more than I have in that moment. She took it pretty well, and was smirking while she clarified. I gave them staff discount as an apology.

**u/cbelt3** (1,150 points)

40 years ago I had a friend who was a passenger in a car whose driver was deaf. They got pulled over (legit… being teen jerks). The cop asked the driver for license and registration and got a flurry of ASL. The rest of the passengers also gave a flurry of ASL. Cop gave up, waved them on.

So deciding they were outlaws, decided to try it again. New cop pulled them over. Driver responded with ASL. Cop answered in ASL.

Boom. Got a ticket and an object lesso .

**u/Myte342** (954 points)

And cops wonder why people don't respect them anymore...

**u/xVVitch** (722 points)

One time in the middle of the middle of the night i was driving around with some friend and we decided to get some food from the fast food place near by &amp; after we were done i slowly, being overly cautious, pulled out to make a legal left turn across the very empty highway when suddenly this HUGE pick up truck starts barreling at me from the other side of the road head on. I throw the car in reverse to avoid being hit and back into the parking lot. The truck rolls up next to me and this guy rolls his window down and flashes his badge. Says something along the lines of "I'm an off duty cop, where the hell did you learn to drive?" In a pissy better-than-you tone. I was still freaked the fuck out, who the fuck forces someone to reverse by driving straight at another car??! Literally nothing came of it and i did nothing wrong so i don't know what the fuck he was aiming to prove.

**u/Gattarapazza** (548 points)

Oh man, when I worked at a sports bar we had a group of legally blind (all were 100% non-seeing) regulars who'd come in and on occasion get absolutely wrecked. They were amazing people and it was low-key allowed because if they got drunk in an unfamiliar place they could be taken advantage of in so many ways but we all knew them and made sure they were taken care of. It was still funny to send new servers to them without advance warning, they loved messing with people.

**u/KeeperOfTheGood** (546 points)

I was driving through my small town one day, and was nearing the local police station when a squad car makes a left-hand turn out of the driveway… onto the left hand side of the road, which I’m currently in, so we’re headed straight towards each other. I slow down trying to figure out what’s going on, and notice that it’s the local officer who’s particularly known for being a muppet. He’s clearly looking down at his phone as he drives straight up the road towards me. 

I kind of panic as There’s no shoulder or other place to turn. Finally I honked, and he looks up suddenly, swerves the car into his own lane, and then gives me the biggest dirty look as he drives by. Freaked me out because I know I’d we’d had a wreck, he was the kind of cop who would have found a way to blame me for it, the dash cam footage would have been mysteriously lost, and I lived in a town where everyone would have believed him without question.

**u/lesethx** (524 points)

The trick is, if you document/write everything, it's just normal and not seen as CYA or malicious.  But in IT, 50% of the reason for tickets is documentation.

I have also been able to interrupt my boss before and have him email me what he was talking about, not at all malicious, because he came up to me while I was in the middle of something about would have forgotten.

**u/LawrenceInPajamas** (522 points)

I hate that I was hoping for this too. Thanks OP!

**u/turtletechy** (477 points)

I think it's mostly the murder, but also the talking over people, lying, and abuse of authority.

**u/[deleted]** (423 points)

Im also a former bartender.

Worked at a bar with a service well that was designed to be lower which made the  counter accessible for handicapped guests that were in a wheelchair or using a walker. 

One night and elderly lady sits down at the well at proceeds to shout at me “EXCUSE ME YOUNG MAN MAY I PLEASE LOOK AT A MENU?!” It shocked the living hell out of me, as I was polishing a glass at the time. I looked at her with wide eyes as I set a menu down. When she looked down at the menu, her hearing aids both tumbled on to the countertop. 

She looked like death struck her, she was so embarrassed. She snatched them up super fast, looks at me with tears in her eyes and quiet as a mouse asked if she just shouted at me. Turns out she had them in but the batteries died in the time between her getting greeted at the front door and sitting at the bar. 

She was the sweetest woman and wouldn’t stop apologizing.

**u/Synthwolfe** (413 points)

I had a former coworker who was born deaf. She had hearing aids, but forgot them at home one morning. Her ride got pulled over and he decided to pull into the parking lot for it. Cop demanded her ID. Driver explained that she was deaf and needed her writing pad. Cop refused, as it was in her backpack in the back. She and the driver started using ASL. Cop told them "stop waving gang symbols, she's not deaf, now show me her ID." Driver got a ticket and she eventually got arrested. Coworker filed a lawsuit and won. Cop got dismissed from duty for discrimination against the handicapped.

**u/curiouslycaty** (403 points)

My ex-boss wanted me to email everything to him. I couldn't make any decision even while I was running my own department I would need to email him the request. And of course he wouldn't respond in time, which meant in my yearly performance evaluation I scored low on my response time to the client when I've been waiting on him to respond to me.

So I said fuck that, would email him my request, add a proposal, and then say that I'm going ahead with my proposal except if he let me know he didn't agree, wait half a day (which was in compliance with our expected response times) and just bypass him.

It got to the point where he was so out of the loop with what was happening in my department in our morning meetings when I talked about what my plan was for the day, he would stare in amazement at me and ask me for details, and I would just "check your mail" in a level voice. It became a running joke for everyone else in the meeting, who would take a sip every time I said "check your mail". 

Even if we discussed something in person, I would email a summary on what we've discussed. I knew it got to the point where he was ignoring my emails.

**u/TheButcherOfYore** (386 points)

A real consideration depending on how much you drive. I just checked my oldest file and it's from 2018. Either I have a huge SD card or I don't drive often. Maybe a bit of both.

**u/ruthh-r** (377 points)

I email them a summary of our discussion and ask them to reply if they disagree it's an accurate reflection. And I turn on read receipts although apparently that doesn't matter. If they don't reply with a correction, I go ahead and do what I was instructed, and let them know in the email that that's what I'm going to do. Then if things go wrong, they can't claim that's not what they said because I just counter with, "But I emailed you confirmation of our discussion and my understanding of it and you didn't dispute it or correct me, so..."

Works every time and has saved my arse more than once.
