# Get rid of my vacation? Have fun replacing me.

**Sub:** r/MaliciousCompliance  
**Author:** u/Rusticwhiskey  
**Score:** 64,389  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/nfcpai/get_rid_of_my_vacation_have_fun_replacing_me/  

---

I originally posted this as a comment on another thread, but realized it needed its own limelight. 

I worked at a company that gave out exorbitant amounts of vacation. Anyone who worked there for 25+ years received 8 weeks of vacation and 2 weeks of personal time. This was a family owned company, but rather large. We ran 3 shifts totaling 250+ people. 

Enter Jimmy. Jimmy was a grissled old man, he started at the company when he was just 20, now he was 63 and gave absolutely zero shits. Jimmy also knew how to make a specific part for our product, him and one other higher up in the office. 

One day the plant owner comes out and announces he's selling to a corporation. He's older and ready to retire, he promises that there will be very little change and wishes us all well. 

The new company comes in and immediately goes after many of the great benefits we had. The first thing they do is cut everyone's max vacation down to 4 weeks, and do completely away with personal time. Anyone who's maxed out had until December 31st of that year to use it up, and they wouldn't pay it out. They then go into the office and clean house, firing anyone who's close to retirement. Including Jimmy's back up. 

But they also do away with one very important rule. You no longer have to get vacation approved, you can just call in and take it.

Jimmy is pissed, and they know it. They realize he's the only one in the building that can do his job now. So they hire a new kid for him to train, most likely to permanently replace Jimmy. So Jimmy does what anyone would do. He calls in the first training day for the new hire, and lets us know he's going to use all of his PTO at once, and promptly takes 10 weeks off. 

We had a back stock of parts he had made, so it wasn't too unnerving. But for 10 weeks, Jimmy went and applied to other jobs, found one, and started. 

Fast forward 10 weeks, Its the day Jimmy is supposed to return. He doesn't. For two days they try calling him, and even go to his house. He's nowhere to be found. Finally on day three he calls and resigns, and they lose their shit. The parts he makes are specialized and patented by the original founder, you can't just hire someone off the street to make them. What eventually happened was they had to contract the original owner to come in a teach some new hires how to make them, and when he found out what all they had done it pissed him off. The last I heard he charged them a 7 figure contract to teach them how to produce the parts, and they had to pony up, or close down.

Moral of the story, don't fuck with people's vacation time.

Edit: Jimmy made and electronic control module that was sealed and stayed fixed in a poured unit made of a two part epoxy.

Edit #2: Jimmy didn't exactly "Miss out" on a seven figure contract and had zero chance to take one. He left, said fuck em and moved on. When they contacted the previous owner and explained the situation it was basically a "you need my help? It'll cost 1mil." Type of conversation.

Final update: Thank you everyone for all of the attention this received! I had no idea this would blow up like this. I have immediate family working with the company still, so if I hear of anymore rumblings I'll fill you all in. Also, I worked here for four years. I have a few other Jimmy stories I may post at other times on the appropriate reddits. Thank you all again!

---

## Top Comments

**u/masterredmage** (8,387 points)

Jimmy is a beast! Good for him

**u/Kozeyekan_** (5,617 points)

Company is sold.

New owners say nothing will change.

Lots of stuff changes for the worse.



A tale as old as time.

**u/SuperRonnie2** (3,782 points)

The former owner is a beast! He should probably give some of that 7 figures to Jimmy (but probably didn’t).

**u/Jagerlagerglocke** (2,073 points)

forget that, he should give some of it to the folks near retirement that got canned by the new ownership :/

**u/PRMan99** (2,044 points)

You forgot "all the good people leave".

**u/CapnTreee** (1,553 points)

As an old guy who has been a tech exec at a dozens of companies, including being brought in on takeovers, let me confirm that this is SO real. Not as bad as entitled next generation owner whelps who haven't a clue about running anything and then go firing key people in a hissy fit crippling the company. 

Both outsiders and next gen owners have rarely a clue about the 'secret sauce' that made the original owner so successful. Better than average vacation or share options make for FAR better employees.. alter that at your peril.

**u/xFactor6060** (1,463 points)

At my previous employer they did something similar, MESSING WITH PEOPLE’S VACATION; except it was announced mid-year in an all employee meeting.  Previous policy was an employee could roll over 120 hours (way too high IMO) - mind you new employees start with 160 hours and could work up to 280hrs, by year 20.  

Well that all changed, during this meeting; vacation was now capped at 240hrs - 15yr mark (those higher that that where grandfather in).  The big kicker was by the end of the year, you could only roll over 40hrs and by next year (18 months out) would be ZERO hours roll over.  There was freaking pandemonium, our department alone (Engineering, New Product Development) had to burn an additional 560 hours (7 people x 80hrs) of vacation. 

...NEEDLESS to say, project fell behind schedule and managers were pissed.  But there was nothing they could do because company vacation policy stated that employees only needed to have vacation approved if out of office for more than 10 consecutive business days.

ENTIRE DEPARTMENTS would take off for a week, and just be gone - it was bananas.


**EDIT: This is kind of blowing up🤯🤯, wanted to clarify why I thought 3 weeks of rollover was too much.  As a seasoned salary employee, I was earning 6 weeks of PTO, and carry over 3 weeks - so every year I was out of the office about 12% of the time between PTO and paid holidays.  

People need to get away from work and enjoy life; co-workers from Europe (I work in USA) would normally take 6 week holidays/vacation and not blink an eye.  I ask for more than 10 days in a row off and people think I am out of my mind

**u/damasu950** (1,383 points)

20% of your employees do 80% of the work. They have options and are the first ones out the door.

**u/ranger51** (1,095 points)

Funding an age discrimination lawsuit would be in order too

**u/Rusticwhiskey** (915 points)

I agree 100%. This guy started this company in his basement in the late 50s and made it a 500 million dollar company. We had great benefits, great employee/employer relations, and the lowest turnover rate I've ever seen. The new Corp. Made it one of the worst places to work in the Area. 

I still have friends that work there, and they just tried and failed to unionize. That's a still developing story for another day though. Apparently they crossed some lines and possibly broke some laws, maybe karma will strike again.

**u/Rusticwhiskey** (689 points)

Honestly I never asked nor was I informed. He was like 65 and had also been there for 40+ years so I'm sure they did. Why he didn't come back, I'm not sure. My guess is he was bitter and doing just fine in early retirement.

**u/Corvus_Antipodum** (670 points)

Kind of sad that in America having 8 weeks of vacation after 25 years is considered exorbitant, when plenty of civilized countries mandate 6 weeks minimum for everyone. This country sure does hate workers.

**u/gogomorphintime** (608 points)

I love the attitude acquisition firms have.

"This company is so successful, we should buy it out and change everything about it. That surely will only make it MORE successful, right?"

**u/Mozu** (579 points)

Illegality only matters if there are realistic consequences.

The amount of illegal shit companies do *all the time* with zero repercussions is insane.

**u/mellowdude1989** (527 points)

I once spent months building a forecasting model, to forecast how many people we'd need to process varying increases in workloads due to an expected (albeit unknown) change to workloads. Was promised before and during the time I spent building this, that I was oh so valuable, and they had a positioning opening up soon which I would be a shoe in for. 

Surprise surprise, I finish the model, and shortly after an email goes round to my department saying that the role was being merged into another and given to someone else. I was understandably unhappy, both due to the way of finding out I could no longer go for the role I was promised, but also that it wasn't available anymore!

I immediately started looking for jobs, found one quick quickly which paid more and had an easier commute, so handed in my 4 weeks notice. No one bothered to ask me to hand over the model I spent so long making, and even after telling my manager that someone needed to be taught it, when I left I was the only one who knew how it worked. Guess who got a call a couple of weeks after leaving because my old team couldn't work out the model?!

Told them I would explain as much as I could in 10 minutes, but after that they were on their own.

**u/ghost_of_deaf_ninja** (451 points)

That was my first though.  In most states that's super illegal.

**u/Zoreb1** (449 points)

So they never tried to contact the backup and rehire him?

**u/dramboxf** (401 points)

They absolutely don't see it that way. They see it as a set of assets that can be maximized in VALUE and then sold off. By making changes that 'positively impact the bottom line,' they think they make it more attractive for future sales.

**u/farmguy111** (351 points)

Similar situation. New owners capped vacation at 4 weeks. I had five do they took one away.  Capped at zero hours rolling at end of year. I couldn’t use all my time up. They did put it in an account where they keep it interest free until you separate from company.  Fucked up.

**u/SHIRK2018** (329 points)

Which is why all fines and penalties should always be a multiple of the increased profits that the company internally calculated would come out of said illegal behavior. Killing your customers, destroying the environment, and abusing your workers should be an existential threat to the company's survival

**u/AnonPenguins** (328 points)

If only this country wasn't ran by three corporations in a trench coat...

**u/Coady54** (322 points)

&gt;He was like 65...in early retirement

Its depressing 65 is now considered early to retire.

**u/Pete_Booty_Judge** (316 points)

I just can’t believe how lucky I have been with my branch of the company changing hands… a different company bought our division and most of the dead weight around here I guess realized they’d be first on the chopping block so they left.  The last 3 years here have been amazing as a result.  I think we’ve lost one good employee from my team of 30 (and he was 60+ years old, just retired a bit earlier than planned) and trimmed 5-6 of the people almost everyone here hated working with, the ones who would spend an hour in the bathroom, come late and leave early, abuse the very liberal sick time policies, etc.

**u/Geminii27** (299 points)

"Also that 10 minutes will cost you $372,000. Bank check please."

**u/Apprehensive_Text_68** (260 points)

Ha, this is exactly what has happened at the last 2 places I worked.  They were bought out and all the good employees left.  1 company was sued out of existence for violating a lot of labor laws the other shut down 3 years after they were bought.
