# You can't continue working from home because you go idle in chat too often

**Sub:** r/MaliciousCompliance  
**Author:** u/ythafuckigetsuspend  
**Score:** 61,331  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/nejr3k/you_cant_continue_working_from_home_because_you/  

---

As part of the plan to return to office post covid, my company has done a lot of re-designating of who can permanently work from home, who can hybrid, etc. I really wanted to work from home full time. I hate the office with a burning passion - it's distracting, it's a long commute, there's no benefit to being there, so on and so forth. I'd just rather be at home.

Well when we thought May was going to be go back to office time they started giving out the new designations. I got designated as in office full time. It made no sense to me. I work on a team of 8 people and each of us is in a different office somewhere in the country. I've literally never been to an in person meeting or needed to do in person work in 3 years at this company. Every single other person on my team got designated to work from home. So I brought it up with my boss and asked to work from home. When I started at this company and lived elsewhere I got to work from home for 4 months before I moved and the past 14 months during covid have been at home, so 18/36 months at the company have been WFH. What I was told is that I go idle too often in chat to trust to work from home. 

Basically we have a company wide IM system that shows you as available, idle, or in a meeting. If you don't touch your keyboard for 5 minutes you show as idle. So they've decided to use this as a measure for who is working and who isn't. The thing is, like many people in many types of jobs, I don't have shit to do for a full 8 hours every single day. The amount of work I have to do on a typical day takes 3-5 hours of actual attention. There simply isn't something to do ALL the time. My performance numbers actually went up working from home, by all objective KPI numbers I'm a better worker at home. In fact, in the KPIs that I don't flat out lead the team in, I come in second. There isn't work to do that I'm neglecting or procrastinating, when something comes up I simply do it until it's done or until I can't do anymore due to waiting on someone else then stop. And I've done that method long enough that my work queue stays empty because I worked to get my queue down to the point where when something comes up I can immediately address it and be done with it. But because I have other ways to spend my time in down time instead of messing around online at my cube pretending to be working meaning I show idle more often, I'm a worse worker apparently. I was told if it weren't for that they would let me work at home.

So I wrote a 6 line powershell script that virtually inputs the period key every 4 minutes that starts running every day at 8am and stops at 5pm. So now I literally never go idle. I do the same amount of work and still read books, watch tv, and play video games on the side. But I have a shiny green check next to my name all day.

Because of covid complications they eventually said no going back until after labor day. I just had a meeting with my boss and he said over this time they've noticed I go idle a lot less than I used to so they're changing my designation to work from home, all because of a little icon in some software. This concludes my TED talk on why low to middle level managers are the dumbest, most useless do-nothing positions in all of corporate America

EDIT: I do not need to be told to buy a mouse jiggler for the 30th time. I'm aware of what they are. This cost me no money and achieves the same thing. Why would I pay to achieve an effect I've already achieved for free?

EDIT 2: A lot of people are understandably asking for the script:

    $dummyshell = New-Object -com "Wscript.shell"
    $dummyshell.sendkeys(".")

That's the backbone of the whole thing. There's different ways to implement it with for loops or scheduled tasks or whatever, that parts up to you, but that's all the powershell needs at it's core to accomplish this. A lot of people have pointed out that sending Insert or F13 instead of period would be better so change that up if you want.

To all the people commenting that I'm a shitty employee and obviously trying to insult me over it: I wish I could make you feel just how little I care. To all the people implying a work day isn't valid if you aren't at 100% capacity from 8 - 5, keep it up, you truly are an ideal employee...*to them*. Enjoy the taste of leather, bootlickers

Edit 3: Some of y’all would be pissed as fuck if I explained the concept of firefighters to you

---

## Top Comments

**u/morgan423** (7,050 points)

I think reading about the fact that your company actively and objectively tracks your KPIs and metrics, but instead decided to measure your productivity by your interaction with a chat program made my brain hurt a little.  Like I just got punched in the face with a little fist made of pure corporate stupidity.

**u/coak3333** (4,417 points)

Caffeine is the program I use, it hits f13 every 2 seconds

**u/richbeezy** (2,089 points)

Right, a good manager says “as long as you are getting your work done on time and accurately, I am not concerned about how you get it done”.

Love managers like that.

**u/onetimeonreddit** (2,085 points)

Sounds like you're describing Skype or Teams. Everyone in my office just changed the online status settings to "show me as inactive when my computer has been idle for 360 minutes". Glad it worked out for you in the end but I hope you weren't missing out on this quick fix all along lol

**u/CoderJoe1** (1,562 points)

Perfect execution of the process:  

1. Discover what metric they are mind-numbingly using as a decision point.  It's usually something convenient for them to monitor, not something indicative of true value.
2. Override, hack or prioritize that metric until they deem you successful.
3. CYA as needed.

**u/FOLOFFAL** (1,539 points)

I often hit dictate on word and just leave a podcast playing on my speakers. I get to spend an hour chilling while word happily types up every word the podcast says.

**u/lameusername11** (1,427 points)

When I was working from home I’d pull up a blank word doc and set something heavy on the zero key on my keyboard. Never went idle. My job however would put you out of compliance if you didn’t do something every 30 seconds. My boss could never figure out why my adherence was better than everyone else’s lol

**u/Zaramesh** (1,199 points)

30 seconds? Jesus Christ, that's absolutely absurd.

**u/LuckOfTheDevil** (1,195 points)

I’m envisioning Homer Simpson’s pink flamingo hitting his keyboard while he rests in his mumu.  This is glorious. Well done. So well done.

**u/gymgal19** (1,174 points)

Only works if your administrator hasnt restricted that setting.

**u/gringaellie** (1,004 points)

I saw a video of someone with an oscillating desk fan. they zip tied the mouse wire to the fan cage and allowed the fan to pull the mouse forwards and backwards whilst they were AFK.

**u/lethal_sting** (905 points)

&gt;  it hits f13 every 2 seconds

TIL shift + function keys goes to F24

**u/__fuzz__** (825 points)

Most likely, but then again if they're using the "idle" icon to indicate productivity they probably aren't going to think of this.

**u/IraqiWalker** (642 points)

I used to finish my work super quickly, so I can then watch youtube, or lounge about, or do whatever I want, while I was at the office. The owner didn't like that, and was wondering if maybe our team wasn't getting enough work. So, instead of calling a user back immediately, I would wait 30-45 minutes instead. Suddenly, we're super busy, we have a ticket backlog instead.  


what used to take me 30 minutes to finish, started taking 50-60. Because apparently, if you do your job well, you're punished for it.

**u/kadzook** (636 points)

My boss says “I don’t care how long you sit in your seat for, it’s what you do when you’re sat there that matters”

**u/Misaka9982** (578 points)

Ours doesn't kick in if we have a powerpoint slideshow running. So you can just start a slide show, minimise it and get on with work at your own pace.

**u/CornDoggyStyle** (568 points)

Idling would be unavoidable without cheating the system. I would just start writing novels or playing agario or finding a new job.

**u/IronicDeadPan** (557 points)

Same! Stay caffeinated friend.

**u/yParticle** (554 points)

You can manually override your status to always appear offline, and if questioned about that just say that you were losing productivity to all the interruptions. You can still interact with people like normal, they just won't be able to monitor you.

**u/drewster871** (544 points)

I had a manager at an hourly job that was legit like this.  So much so that when I decided to go back to college and one of my classes was only provided during the middle of shift, he still didn't care if I left for 2 hours still clocked in, came back and completed my job.  God it's nice having a manager like that, they make you want to come into work.

**u/JustSomeGuy556** (543 points)

"You get what you measure"

Management 101, but people skip that day.

**u/gymgal19** (542 points)

You could, but I imagine if they're monitoring your status via a messenger, they really wouldnt be too pleased about you being offline all the time, regardless of your reasoning..

**u/Oo__II__oO** (541 points)

Similarly I've seen people place their mouse over an analog watch (with second hand), triggering the motion.

**u/elendur** (531 points)

There's a saying about this.  I can't remember exactly how it goes, but it's something along the lines of, "A metric is only useful until your employees realize that they're being graded on that metric.  Once they realize this, they'll forego actual productivity in favor of boosting that metric."
