# Kentucky passes law that all schools must have "In God We Trust" displayed. School district complies.

**Sub:** r/MaliciousCompliance  
**Author:** u/joeshill  
**Score:** 60,392  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/gwkgqf/kentucky_passes_law_that_all_schools_must_have_in/  

---

"The new law is required as a result of legislation filed by State Rep. Brandon Reed, a Republican minister from Hodgenville. It said in part that beginning in the 2019-2020 school year, local boards shall require each public elementary and secondary school to display the national motto of the United States, “In God We Trust,” in a prominent location in the school."

"Fayette Superintendent Manny Caulk said Wednesday afternoon that in complying with the new law, “**all schools in our district have been provided a framed version of an enlarged copy of a $1 dollar bill to display in a prominent location**.”"

https://www.kentucky.com/news/local/education/article233993192.html

---

## Top Comments

**u/jpaxonreyes** (9,672 points)

The framed dollar bill makes it even more on the nose.

**u/DontMessWMsInBetween** (4,629 points)

It's not, technicly, a framed dollar bill. It's just the back of a dollar bill, photocopied, and magnified by about 5%. Thus, that is not legal tender being displayed, so no impetus to steal it, and it's been made more "prominent" as per the requirements of the law.

I say, ***BRILLIANT!***

**u/Kanaric** (2,923 points)

I assume The Satanic Temple is about 5 minutes outside of kentucky ready to say "you need In Satan We Trust as well".

**u/purple_crablegs** (2,043 points)

I grew up Christian in predominantly Christian communities. I never really understood why the separation of church and state was a big deal, because let's be honest, it didn't affect me. So any mention of God in schools didn't bother me, and I didn't understand why others were so against it.

Flash forward to my 30s and I'm living in Utah, which is predominantly Mormon. I'm a parent chaperone for my 1st grader's public school class field trip to a place that is celebrated for the Mormon pioneers coming to Utah. I don't have an issue with this. It's important to know our history and how we got to where we currently are.

Here's where I had my epiphany on why the separation of church and state is important. At this field trip, for a public school, they made all the first graders watch a video celebrating Mormons and basically giving the message that all Mormons are superior to non- Mormons.

I was in shock.

Half of my child's class is Mormon. The other half is a combination of a variety of faiths and no religion at all. I watched the Mormon children publicly proclaim that they were basically better than others. I watched the non-Mormon kids basically have an existential crisis after having been told that they are a lesser citizen because they weren't Mormon. I spent the rest of that field trip trying to comfort 6 and 7 year olds, telling them that they have value as a human being and that they still matter.

I now fully support the separation of church and state and have a much better idea of why it's so important.

Edit: Because this has come up a few times, yes, this only became a problem to me when it affected me, because I had never been told WHY the separation of church and state is important. I had to experience it for myself because no one was teaching me this. From my perspective at the time, it was innocent and harmless because I grew up in one of the least diverse places possible: almost everyone is the same race, the same religion, the same political party. I don't ever recall incidences of discrimination happening (doesn't mean that it didn't), so this was a topic that never came up. We were taught that racism is bad and what happened to African Americans is awful, but we also came away from this thinking that only white people are racist. There were A LOT of holes in my education. This happened several years ago. This is not just a school issue; it has far reaching consequences in all areas of life. I use this story all the time in real life to illustrate to other people who were raised like me why this is important.

**u/captain_screwup** (1,835 points)

Bluntly, no, they don't understand. To them, those laws only apply when it doesn't go against them publically forcing their own religion to be followed by everyone else. I don't have enough pejoratives in my vocabulary to describe people like that.

**u/bbtom78** (1,424 points)

And this saves the school district a lot of money vs putting some gaudy sign up somewhere. A photocopied back of a dollar in, hopefully, a cheap dollar store frame.

**u/Real_MidGetz** (917 points)

Kinda reminds me of the dollar on mr krab’s wall

**u/EquusStorm** (820 points)

That law is despicable and should NOT be a thing but the response makes me very happy

**u/mybunsarestale** (797 points)

Can we point them to South Dakota who passed this same bill I think a year ago. (Who knows with time any more. Was it yesterday or six weeks ago?)

Really wish I was still a student sometimes. Id be finding ways to cover it up constantly.

**u/JudgeHoltman** (698 points)

Hey.  State Law mandates that it be prominent.  

Spring for the [$5 frame](https://kubrick.htvapps.com/htv-prod-media.s3.amazonaws.com/images/dollar-bill-1565817584.jpg?crop=1.00xw:1.00xh;0,0&amp;resize=1200:*).  

After all, you don't want to get dinged for not being respectful.

**u/Hadtarespond** (661 points)

They understand, they just don't care.

**u/fluffspeed** (579 points)

Potatoes and Steak

**u/luckoftadraw34** (446 points)

No but the coalition of the patron believers of the Flying Spaghetti Monster want to know where their petition for state mandated colanders is.

**u/your-robot-overlord** (438 points)

I was just thinking I should comment “me first dollar!”

**u/Above_average_savage** (421 points)

It'll get shot down almost immediately if somebody challenges it legally. There's tons of instances of this kind of crap. They'll pass a law that they KNOW will get knocked down in court so they can; a) say they did everything they could for their religious base. b) play the victim card when it gets declared unconstitutional.

**u/bob_apathy** (391 points)

“Theocracies are great as long as they are Christian!” Rightwing zealots who scream about Sharia Law without once seeing the hypocrisy of their forcing their religion on others.

**u/Whatsighs** (359 points)

Sorry to divert from the subject at hand, but are we cool with schools condoning the existence of a higher being or not?  I need to know cause I'm meeting the guys at the bar later and want to make sure i fit in.

**u/BobVosh** (354 points)

I'm not and I'm still pissed we don't use e pluribus unum..though given current events I guess it's rather fitting we don't...

**u/Dhiox** (327 points)

No, this law was written by clever lawyers. The law isn't inherently religious, it just requires the national motto be shown. Problem is that the national motto is unconstitutional, so you'd have to challenge that, which is at a much higher level of law.

**u/joeshill** (305 points)

I wish I could upvote you more than once.

**u/Hokulewa** (287 points)

If it's wood, it could be legal tinder.

**u/Mr-Briteside** (281 points)

Exactly. Speaking from experience as a Christian, members of my church protested and attempted to stop the construction of another faiths place of worship. I was shocked and disgusted, I said to so many people “if we want our freedom of religion, everyone gets it to”. For a group of people(Christians) who claim we’re “under attack” and fear for our freedoms, we generally don’t give a damn about others.

**u/Torch42** (278 points)

They understand perfectly... which is why they found the nice little loophole of mandating the display of the 'national motto' instead of something about religion

The US has never been good about separation of church and state, especially in the Bible belt
