# Supervisor asks student with cancer to turn on their camera during a virtual meeting, and you won’t BELIEVE what happens next /s

**Sub:** r/MaliciousCompliance  
**Author:** u/rainier-cherries  
**Score:** 59,302  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/r12k5h/supervisor_asks_student_with_cancer_to_turn_on/  

---

[The long-awaited update.](https://www.reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/rj25hi/cancer_cameras_and_compliance_part_2_electric/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x&amp;context=3) (The mods have removed this update at the time I'm writing it, so hopefully the link will be working by the time you get to it).

Clickbaity article titles aside, it’s a long one. It happened two days ago and I’m still giddy. Enjoy!

All the below names are pseudonyms.

There are two important background things to know for the story:

1.) I was diagnosed with a rare ovarian cancer at the beginning of this year (I had surgery and some chemo and am mostly recovered now). I still have to go in for frequent testing and occasional monitoring. I am a private person to the extent that I have dated people for years without telling my parents, so you best believe random coworkers and bosses are unaware of my medical history. 

2.) I attend a university that has an ambassador program. Basically if you have a high enough GPA you are able to interview for the program and if you get in they pay for your tuition during the time you are an ambassador. In exchange you work 5 hours a week and work graduation/other events. I am one of these ambassadors. This is my story. *Law and Order sound effect*

—

My supervisor for the ambassador program, Ms. M, has spent the majority of our time together belittling me. As I sit here about to type about her, I find myself already exasperated thinking about reliving some of the details, so I will be short and sweet for both your sake and mine: she follows every rule to the letter and leaves no room for collaboration or discussion. 

As an example, we use Microsoft teams for communication, and she has us clock in and out in a group of 20 people by saying “I’m here” and “I’m leaving.” So every day you have to scroll through dozens of messages to find anything of import and listen to notification sounds every time someone so much as takes a lunch break. I suggested using the time clock function on teams and even offered to set it up for us, and was told that I was “deliberately undermining her position.” 

Another quick example is her vehemence when I told her I didn’t have any social media (to advertise the college). She was certain I was lying and went so far as to ask the other ambassadors to try and “find” me. 

They didn’t. There’s nothing to find. Crazy concept.

I’ve challenged her at a couple of junctures, but ultimately realized I was fighting a losing battle and I’d be better off keeping my head down. (*laughs in dramatic irony*)

Fast forward to four days ago (Friday): there’s a mandatory virtual event in three days (Monday) where the dean of the college would talk to the ambassadors, as well as live stream the event to the college’s website and YouTube page.

Ms. M sent out a message that I will copy and paste here (because the formatting is so dramatic that it makes me chuckle). “Students *MUST* have their cameras **ON** and phones *OFF*. **Repeat!!** Phones **OFF.** Cameras *ON*.” (Like c’mon lady, bold, caps, *or* italics. Your email almost gave me a stroke)

I follow up the same day: “Ms. M, unfortunately I will be at a doctor’s appointment at this time and will be unable to turn my camera on during the event.”

No response. 

I send another email to follow up. No response.

The day of the event rolls around. I direct message her through Microsoft teams ten minutes before. I see that she’s seen the message with a read receipt. Nothing.

Okay, video chat starts and several students join the session with their cameras on. Then the dean. He gets halfway through introducing himself and Ms. M interrupts him as he takes a brief pause and says “excuse me, could we please have ALL of the students turn their cameras on.”

I say nothing but put a quick message I already had typed in anticipation in the group chat “Ms. M I have a private situation that bars me from turning on my camera, I have contacted you individually.” 

Not but a few seconds after I send it, I get called out by name, and I respond audibly, “Ms. M I cannot turn on my camera at this time.” and she responds “expectations were clear and you were told *multiple* times about this; every other student here managed to do it and I expect the same out of you.”

Now, one of the cool things about having cancer is you become very familiar with the hospital staff, and if you’re lucky, they’re fun to talk to. During COVID my nurses were my tethers to sanity because no one could visit me while I had inpatient infusions. So I told one of my nurses, Amy, about this situation beforehand. She joked that if I was told to turn my camera on, I should really play up my illness. In any other situation I would’ve been entirely opposed, but sweet revenge was in sight (when I replay it in my head I imagine that anime fist-clenching thing when the protagonist resolves to get revenge). I set my laptop back a bit further from myself on my legs so you could see the entirety of me in my hospital regalia. 

Teams will display the person currently talking as the largest image in chat. Everyone had their audio off except me, the dean, and Ms. M, so when I turned my camera on I was displayed as the EKG loudly thrummed away (on max volume, thanks to Amy).

Silence. 

Me: “I asked Ms. M through email and teams if I could opt out of having my camera on, but she insisted.”

I waited a beat to see if anyone would say anything and then continued with my special vocal blend of melodramatic gratitude and illness-laden shakiness: “Virtual engagement is so important for this new era of learning. I can see why having the camera on is important, though I was hoping I might be granted an exception.”

Dean: “Ms. R, you are more than welcome to turn your camera off, I am so sorry for the misunderstanding.”

Me: “thank you so much for making a special exception for me. It’s been a difficult week but I feel grateful to be here.”

Then, two people leave the call. One was Ms. M and the other was Anthony, who is Ms. M’s boss!  I didn’t know he’d be there! Haven’t heard from either of them yet but I’m awaiting a follow up with anticipation.

I’m typing this from the hospital and feeling gratitude for a lot of things (‘tis the season, after all). I am here. I am alive. And above all, **this stupid disease won’t stop me from putting a bully in their goddamned place.**

TL;DR I am recovering from cancer and had to go in to be monitored for a separate but related condition. A supervisor for a school program insisted I turn on my camera for a virtual event that was live-streamed and when I turned my camera on, could see I was very much hospitalized. Hilarity ensues *cue sitcom music*


**Update** (this will not contain the juicy follow-up, just some clarifications):

So do you guys want an update? No matter how hard I try, I just can’t tell… 

A couple of clarifications:

-I don’t, at this time, want to sue her. I want her to be better.

-I am not in the “thick” of cancer right now. I’m definitely better than the beginning of this year, though I appreciate the warm wishes. 

-I was going to ask the university to take down the video on the university website and YouTube, but when I went to check it had already been removed. I already saved a copy of it per the advice of a colleague.

Reading through these comments has been the highlight of my week. I’ve been reading them in the way you’d expect an anthropologist because of the myriad of reactions. Almost all of them have been loving and supportive. About 6% of them are just downright weird. 

Some of my favorites:

1.) a colorful variety of people threatening to assault or kill me.

2.) people telling me how they’ve either a.) had cancer or b.) been to college.. and it was NOTHING LIKE THAT and I am DEAD WRONG. Tsk tsk, to me. 

3.) the guy who asked me for nudes. I can’t imagine what went through his head.. did he get to the second line and see the word “ovarian” and think “you know who sometimes has ovaries? Women. Good enough for me.”

I also didn’t expect so many people to compliment my writing. I’ve been procrastinating finishing up a DnD one-off campaign, and this has really boosted my motivation.

---

## Top Comments

**u/dr-kaii** (17,045 points)

When she logged off, did she say "I'm leaving"?

**u/xoxoLizzyoxox** (7,160 points)

Would love an update on this. Im sure she will be reprimanded as you have proof you said you would be medically busy long before the meeting in which she chose to ignore. If I were you I would make a formal complaint as it is exposing your medical information to everyone in the meeting. 

Also you rock, keep on kicking butt.

**u/rainier-cherries** (6,286 points)

I just audibly laughed at this, you brilliant bastard.

~~Hijacking the comment. Mods removed the post for some reason? Not sure why. I reposted it here for those to read that haven't yet:~~ [~~https://www.reddit.com/user/rainier-cherries/comments/r163a7/deleted\_post\_from\_malicious\_compliance\_supervisor/~~](https://www.reddit.com/user/rainier-cherries/comments/r163a7/deleted_post_from_malicious_compliance_supervisor/)

**u/MayhemMessiah** (3,616 points)

&gt; Im sure she will be reprimanded as you have proof you said you would be medically busy long before the meeting in **which she chose to ignore**. 

The fact that OP has proof that they tried to contact Ms M more than once and Ms M chose to ignore it is what's going to get her probably fired. It's one thing to get caught with your pants down like that but to show that you actively chose to ignore the warning signs usually doesn't go well.

**u/powen01** (3,226 points)

1. Fuck cancer. 
2. You write very well. 
3. I’m leaving.

**u/Disney_World_Native** (3,070 points)

OP could (and should) file a complaint/lawsuit that she was forced to disclose her medical information or loose her tuition assistance. 

Legal and HR will have to decide if they terminate Ms M or just reprimand her. 

If they fire her, they can claim Ms M acted outside the bounds of the University and they took action once they were made aware of the incident. This greatly reduces their liability. 

Keeping Ms M is an uncertain risk. Discovery could bring up past complaints and other skeletons legal doesn’t know at the moment (like the emails sent prior). The university’s insurance would cover the payout but will require a lot of remediation to be done as well as a much higher cost.

**u/asodfhgiqowgrq2piwhy** (2,754 points)

As a Teams Admin, I can say for sure that your boss doesn't understand how to use teams properly. Your suggestion to use the shifts function is correct.

**u/rainier-cherries** (2,444 points)

Doris will be fine.

**u/rainier-cherries** (1,879 points)

You have no idea how validating this is to hear.

**u/NYCQuilts** (1,839 points)

This is such a violation of many university policies regarding accommodations, but betting against her  getting fired because most schools refuse to take out the trash. Hoping for an update that proves me wrong!

Edit: also, her interrupting the Dean introducing himself to power trip over students is just hilariously bad.

**u/dr-kaii** (1,824 points)

I apologize to the patients in the next bed then, I hope I didn't wake them up

**u/BucketFullOfRats** (1,520 points)

How bloody awesome are you!? 

I honestly enjoyed every sentence of that story, one of the better revenge ones on here. I’m happy to hear you’re mostly recovered, it must’ve been really difficult for mental health to be in the hospital for such extended periods of time.

Let’s hope Ms M doesn’t trouble you, or anyone else again, she seems like a right bother.

**u/[deleted]** (1,310 points)

One would expect some degree of humanity when dealing with students or anyone under your position. 

Last year while having no daycare services and partially working from home, I was taking care of my 18 month old daughter while doing Zoom meetings but prior to that it was phone conference and they expected us to have our microphones ON (ridiculous). I guess they didn’t enjoy the sound of my daughter crying while I changed her diaper.

“Can you mute your phone?” Nope, sorry I need to finish changing the diaper first and then wash my hands.

I hope you are doing well OP,

**u/Duchat** (1,107 points)

&gt; Discovery could bring up past complaints and other skeletons legal doesn’t know at the moment (like the emails sent prior).

This will instigate one of those "microscope up the ass" level investigations. She is likely this way to a portion of her students every year going back her entire tenure, and becomes emboldened as she oversteps her authority without reprimand. OP might be the trigger, but wasn't the first.

**u/corsairtact** (855 points)

I also want to validate how much of an overreaction it was on her part to tell you that you were undermining her by simply suggesting an improvement to the system. That's terrible management on her part.

**u/JustAnotherFKNSheep** (813 points)

I'm here.



I'm leaving

**u/Rengiil** (743 points)

I feel the need to comment and say that I love this story so much. You must update. And here I am going to bed all giddy.

**u/raljamcar** (655 points)

Oh my lanta, meeting with mandatory mics on? Terrible. It's bad enough when it's a couple people who refuse to mute, let alone everyone.

**u/ultrasuperbro** (616 points)

You took a tough situation,  and made it a lesson for an insensitive jerk. That's awesome! I hope everything goes exactly how you want it in your future, and thanks for sharing a great M/C...

**u/kneeltothesun** (606 points)

It really appeared that the boss had expected to catch OP out being messy in appearance, or ill prepared somehow by waiting to reply until the meeting was on, and by demanding OP's camera be turned on that instant. If she hadn't been trying to trick OP, and just replied, she might have caught on sooner. Ironically fitting that she would have it backfire so spectacularly. Life rarely happens this way, not even in my dreams.

**u/New-Blackberry-7210** (553 points)

Good for you. Screw her for ignoring your repeated requests for privacy and I look forward to hearing about her upcoming search for new employment

**u/colemon1991** (537 points)

Let's be real. Anyone who messages you multiple times regarding an exception and does so extremely early is more than likely being genuine. Ms. M was being unnecessarily cruel. That said, I would push this up the chain and ask why OP didn't get any level of respect/consideration from Ms. M. This is pretty much harassment.

**u/Ov3rdose_EvE** (504 points)

say hi to doris from us :D

**u/PiagetsPosse** (479 points)

as a college professor who often works with students in programs like this I am HORRIFIED. There are about a million reasons it is unacceptable to “force” students to turn cameras on. Your example is a great one, but also students learning from home where they are embarrassed by their surroundings, might have abusive parents or loud younger siblings around, or any other reason that constitutes the human decency on our end to just not require seeing faces. This is so widely known on my campus, I can’t believe this numb nut was so horrible to you. I’m glad you feel some relief, but I’m sorry that you had to share something you should not have had to (especially after handling this in such a professional manner) and I hope there are repercussions for her.
