# Police Officer attempted to intimidate my patient, loses fight to physics.

**Sub:** r/MaliciousCompliance  
**Author:** u/ChairCavalry  
**Score:** 58,017  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/okmqi2/police_officer_attempted_to_intimidate_my_patient/  

---

I'm a paramedic. A few months ago, we're coming back from a routine patient transfer when at an intersection about four blocks from the base I notice a woman sitting on the side of the road with her arms wrapped around herself and her head down.

I nudge my partner who's driving, and we flip on the lights and I see her head come up real fast, and she looks terrified. I get out and she relaxes when she sees the ambulance. After I approach, I notice bruising on her wrists and other similar signs of domestic abuse. 

She seems hesitant to get up off the curb.and into the ambulance, so I decided that I would at least pull the cot out of the back and give her something a little more comfortable than concrete to sit on. 

Now a few important details. All the cots in my service are Stryker powered cots. You've almost certainly seen these before. They're bright yellow with black handles and side panels. These cots have a motor and battery built in to allow us to raise and lower the cot at the touch of a button instead of throwing out our backs having to physically lift the cot up after loading someone. They're usually paired with an automatic loading system built into the ambulance that lifts the cot up to the right height to be pushed inside and also secures the cot when loaded. There's a little red tab at the end of the track, just inside the doors, that you press down to free the cot and allow it to slide out. When you press this tab, it simply releases the cot and the loading carriage it's connected to and it's up to you to keep it under control until it reaches the unload position and locks into place again. This can be problematic because these cots weigh about 125 pounds, about 55kg. 

As soon as I hit the release tab for the cot, I hear lights and sirens behind me. It's a city police car. Which is weird because we had not yet requested police, and we were outside the city, in the sheriff's department jurisdiction. We merely informed dispatch that we were stopping to check on a woman at such and such intersection. The woman says something along the lines of "oh god he's here" and moves faster than me seeing free food being distributed at base. She dashes past me and pretty much hurls herself into the ambulance, sitting on the bench seat. The cop is approaching and he's pissed. I put two and two together and slam the ambulance doors shut. Let's call this officer Police Officer Steve, or POS for short.

POS: Is that bi-Is she in there?!
Me: Who?
POS: You know damn well who I am talking about.
Me: You mean my patient? I'm afraid I haven't gotten a name yet. 
POS: Open those doors, I need to talk to her.
Me: You're not using my rig as an interview room. You can talk to her at the hospital.

We go back and forth like this for a few minutes, my partner at some point came back to see what the hold up was, but overhead my stonewalling and went back to the cab to call our chief. I continue my routine of deny and delay until a pair of deputies (likely specifically requested for this by the chief) arrive. Oh good, now I have witnesses. 

See, we had stopped on an upwards incline. I had hit the release tab on the cot and it wanted to slide back. I had to close the doors so swiftly, I didn't bother pushing the cot back against the stops and locking it in place.

Emboldened by the presence of two deputies, he gets in my face. "Get out of my way or I'm gonna have to charged with obstruction!". Okay. I step out of his way, and he opens the double doors. Between the cot, the monitor, and the jump bag, I'd say there was probably close to 160 pounds contained by those doors. All of which comes barreling out and hits POS square in the chest. He goes backwards and falls on his ass. One of the deputies laughs aloud. The other walks up and kneels down beside the guy. He says "Your shift captain is going be here in five, I wouldn't be here then if I were you." POS gathers himself up and scowls at me, then stomps off.

There is a limited amount that I can say about the aftermath as the trial is not settled yet, but we all know how well charges stick to cops. The woman is now living elsewhere, the cop is still a cop, and I have been getting pulled over at least twice a week ever since then. But the video footage of him getting bodychecked by that cot remains one of the best things I have seen.

EDIT: For clarification, yes the woman was/is married to POS. And yes, he is allegedly responsible for the abuse.

---

## Top Comments

**u/bad-worm** (7,283 points)

as a domestic abuse survivor, thank you for going out of your way to protect her from him. the worst situations are when the abuser is in a position of power (or has friends in positions of power that will assist them). kudos to you - and the deputies that made him leave. i’m sure that that woman will remember your assistance for a long time.

i will say though, i would pay big money to see my abuser get knocked on his ass due to his own stupidity. i’m sure watching that happen to him made that woman’s day!

EDIT: thank you for the award &lt;3 remember to stay hydrated and safe - if you ever need assistance please don’t hesitate to reach out. i will do my best to assist you and give resources and advice!

**u/NameIs-Already-Taken** (6,844 points)

Getting pulled over twice a week is clearly harassment. What does his department say about this?

**u/Grog_Bear** (6,235 points)

Thank you for keeping her safe that day

**u/thatoneotherguy42** (3,306 points)

I Know someone who was pulled over 26 times in one week at the height of the harassment. This was 20 years ago so he used audio recordings and a VHS camera for documentation. After a month or so, his lawyer got an injunction against the department. he would lock his brakes up whenever he saw a cop car, do a doughnut/burnout and drive off flipping them off as they couldn't pull him over anymore. Oddly enough it was a shithole town in Texas of all places. Swat eventually raided his meth lab and his days of joy riding were over, but for about 6 months he was Mario andretti all through that town.

**u/CatCuddlersFromMars** (2,640 points)

I can't recall the case but I do know someone successfully sued over this exact police behaviour pulling someone over twice a week.

**u/CaptRory** (2,619 points)

You can start getting badge numbers when you get pulled over. Invest in front and back dash cams. If you're in a single consent state for recording, grab a voice recorder as well. Also prolly should get a lawyer on retainer.

**u/breakneckridge** (2,012 points)

Fantastic work! Good on you!

Separately, if i were you I'd invest in a good dashcam immediately. One that has a 360 degree view and includes a good view of the car's interior. Would also be good if it live uploads to the cloud. I worry for your safety.

**u/FlickieHop** (1,795 points)

This is the most Trailer Park Boys shit I've ever heard.

**u/Theroaring2020z** (1,698 points)

Right? Like I am separately furious that even in this situation the other cops were like “lol better get out of here before you get caught!”

**u/Seicair** (1,683 points)

It’s even worse than that.

&gt; An FBI advisory board later found that roughly 40 percent of officers who filled out questionnaires in a number of different settings admitted to being physically violent with their spouse in the previous six months.

40% of **cops admitted to it**. How many didn’t?

https://www.fatherly.com/love-money/police-brutality-and-domestic-violence/

**u/[deleted]** (1,617 points)

This is what I was thinking. Not even counting that it's being done to an EMT.

**u/Rusty_Red_Mackerel** (1,519 points)

OP IS A HERO!

**u/SparkySailor** (1,425 points)

42% of spouses of police have reported domestic abuse when surveyed.

**u/CutlerSheridan** (1,287 points)

Even if you’re not in a single consent state you can always record on-duty cops in public!

**u/uswforever** (1,195 points)

I am so pro-union that my DNA actually spells out the words "union for life", and even I say police unions are at least half the problem.  And if a guy like me says a union is bad, take that to heart.

**u/EvangelineTheodora** (1,174 points)

"Usually paired with an automatic loading system." *Cries in underfunded volunteer service*

**u/vernes1978** (943 points)

&gt; ...but we all know how well charges stick to cops.  
...and I have been getting pulled over at least twice a week ever since then.  
  
Ladies and gentlemen.  
The police of America.

**u/Imaginary_Ship5466** (879 points)

Police unions are what enable this

**u/TillThen96** (783 points)

Yes, it is.  It happened to a friend of mine, pre-cams-anywhere, where she was ticketed for made-up bs, every stop, &gt;100 stops.  Didn't signal, didn't come to a complete stop, etc.

The judge was so angry that he informed the PD that he would begin jailing cops who stopped her.  The cops stopped stopping her.

**u/ChaoticFrogs** (651 points)

Union family here, cosign. 

You fuck something up that risks human life, your ass is grass in our union.

**u/HarkTheMavis** (630 points)

Well, now, let's be realistic, here. I'm sure some of those 60% aren't married. They beat their girlfriends and boyfriends.

**u/rdrivel** (547 points)

Didn’t the Supreme Court also rule that cops are “always on duty”?

**u/FinalRun** (539 points)

They don't need to be anywhere in a hurry right? Not like it'll cost someone their lives if it's a few minutes more.

**u/breakneckridge** (531 points)

When he says he's getting pulled over i assume he meant in his personal vehicle. But that assumption could be wrong.
