# My neighbors wanted to call a professional to mark their property line, my parents agreed

**Sub:** r/MaliciousCompliance  
**Author:** u/BalloonUnderstudy  
**Score:** 57,052  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/bc2jye/my_neighbors_wanted_to_call_a_professional_to/  

---

This was a long time ago but I remember it clearly. We moved in to a community with tight space in between our house and our neighbors, and we didn't like them being able to see into our kitchen. We put up a bunch of plants, costing thousands but my parents thought it would be worth it. A week later my parents awoke to the plants completely chopped down. My father was furious, and marched down to our neighbors house. He told my father the plants were on his property line, therefor he had total right to take them down. He warned that if anything were to go on his property again, he would report us to the authorities immediately.

Later that day my father called the company that put in the plants, and with the warranty we could have them replanted next week for no charge. We made sure there was no way it was on our neighbors property. However a few days later we caught him chopping them down at 2am. We called the police upon obstruction of property, and after a chat with my neighbor he decided to call a professional and mark his property line. My father agreed.

A few days later i got home to find orange tape in my neighbors yard. Apparently, his fence was 11 feet over our property line! We watched as he took down his fence, completely furious. Within the next month we were enjoying our new space and privacy in our backyard, and my neighbor ended up losing 1/4th of his backyard. My neighbor ended up having to pay almost 10k for the destruction of our property, and we got to plant our plants again.

Tl;dr My neighbor chopped down our plants because he claimed we were on his property, after calling a professional he lost 11 feet of his backyard and had to pay for destruction of property, and we got to keep our plants.

---

## Top Comments

**u/TallahasseWaffleHous** (9,789 points)

That Surveyor deserved a tip for providing that orange banner of victory!

**u/joe55419** (6,023 points)

I’ve been that surveyor. No tip could possibly compare with the joy of telling some belligerent and stupid property owner/client that their fence was that far over the line and knowing it will have to be removed and replaced.

Edit: I couldn’t stand looking at there when it should have been their.

**u/froggyc19** (4,863 points)

Something similar happened to my parents last year. New neighbour bought the house beside ours, started doing renos (without permits... but that's a whole other story), and complained that our fence was on his property, and that the new stone walkway leading to the back my stepdad had built the previous summer needed to get dug up and removed along with the fence.  


My parents tried to reason with him, explaining that all the land lines in the area are all crooked, and that everything had been this way for 30+ years without issue. He wouldn't hear of it and insisted on the removal, so my mom called the city and requested a new eval after fighting with this guy for months. Turns out, not only was the fence on OUR land, but his new one was on ours as well. His back fence was on the land of the backyard neighbour and same on the other side. My mom got the three other houses that bordered his to all get evals as well, so in the end he lost almost half his yard to the surrounding houses.  


Justice is so very sweet.

**u/curtludwig** (4,773 points)

When I first got out of high school I worked for a land surveyor, this kind of dispute is VERY common.

We had lots of cases where we would have to testify in court and often a homeowner would be out pulling our locating pins out of the ground nearly as soon as we'd put them in. I told one guy "Its fine, the ones that the town put in are still there, we can always put ours back." Next thing you know he's out digging up the granite monument in the street. The police have NO sense of humor about that...

**u/joe55419** (2,199 points)

Defacing land survey monuments is technically a federal crime. If you do it accidentally it isn’t usually a problem, but intentionally ripping out monument stones? I’d imagine the police were indeed not amused.

**u/Bieterman** (1,378 points)

Your lot should be* zoned and clearly communicated to you when you purchase property. Unless you change your lot, break it up, or purchase multiple,  the same lots share the same property lines even as the ownership changes hands.

**u/Bieterman** (1,352 points)

I mean. It's entirely plausible that angry dudeman didn't even put up his own fence and it was there when he bought it. 

Then again, LOTS of people think they can just shout a lot and get their way. Either way, I don't feel bad.

**u/shadowshooter9** (1,099 points)

This is why any one curious about property lines should get city plans and measure it out

**u/laikewag** (987 points)

When the person you threaten to call someone on says go on do it, you better watch out.

**u/curtludwig** (972 points)

I wish we'd stuck around to see it, we were driving out of the neighborhood as officer friendly was driving in. He asked us if it was "Mr. X" a well known local crank. "Why yes officer, how did you know?" :)

**u/Marshmallows7920** (962 points)

How do these property lines work?

**u/shutch_498** (961 points)

How has no one talked about how absolutely crazy that neighbor is. Instead of handling this like an adult and going to talk to your new neighbors to sort this out you sneak out at 2:00 am and cut them down. Who the hell thinks like that. People are something else.

**u/NoShameInternets** (922 points)

Eh, it’s also often a bluff. Here’s a conversation I had with a guy who was trying to illegally tow my car out of the spot I rent by the month:

Me, walking outside with my parking permit five minutes after arriving home to find my car already in the air:  “Hey!  This is my spot!  I’ve got the pass right here!”

Predatory Tow Guy:  “Too late dude, car is already in the air, nothing I can do.”

Me:  “Bullshit. Put the car down.”  I climb into the driver’s seat, knowing they can’t legally tow a car with someone in it.

PTG:  “You didn’t have a pass when I lifted it, that’s your fault. I’ll put it down for $60.”

Me:  “I was inside for literally five minutes.  I’m allowed to let someone else use the pass when I’m gone, and they left it inside.”

PTG:  “Too bad!  $60 now, or $200 later at the tow yard!”

Me: “I’m calling the police.”

PTG:  “FINE, DO IT!  They’ll side with me!”

I called the police while the guy called his supervisor. I don’t know what he said, but PTG came back over and put the car down while I was on the phone with dispatch.  I can only imagine it was something along the lines of “Put the fucking car down you moron, he has the pass for the spot.”

**u/Wife-B-Gone** (920 points)

When we bought our old house, we were surprised the fence had the ugly side facing out. Apparently our house was one of the first built in the area, so there was no one to complain. Now however everyone has built on to our fence making their own back yards, and the fence is getting pretty old and nearly falling down. I went to the neighbors and asked if they want to pay half of the cost to have their parts replaced and they all said no. 

&amp;#x200B;

One guy mentioned the ugly side out issue, and I told him we could fix it when he was willing to pay his half. He went to the city to complain, they came out and looked at it, and said yeah, it needs to be facing the other way. I asked if I HAD to have a fence there and they said no, even though he built onto my fence, it was on my property. So I tore that section down completely, but then there was no divider between our lawns. 

&amp;#x200B;

He had two dogs, and of course they loved their new "bigger" backyard and would wander in. So I called animal control every time they came into my yard, and after three times of them being taken to the pound, he came to my house. He said he was willing to pay for his half of the fence, and I said "No thanks, I don't need a fence there." Of course he was mad as hell at that. 

&amp;#x200B;

He finally had a fencing company out to replace the gap, and I made sure to speak to them about the city's policy that the ugly side had to face in. So they put it up exactly like I had it to begin with, just one foot further out since it had to be on his property. I promptly built on to his fence so it was all connected again. I think I spent maybe $200.

**u/Engl-ish** (833 points)

This is what surprises me - you'd have to be pretty dumb to completely ignore or disregard the survey and pick a fight like this.

**u/Mycatsolder** (789 points)

If you own property it is in your best interest to have it surveyed asap at least once. Adverse possession is a thing and you can lose land people use, even if it's yours.

**u/Nekomimi6x6** (687 points)

Same happened to my papaw. He bought a trailer and had it moved to a piece of his property in a large Circle street that almost exclusively belonged to him. The only exception was the asshole next to my papaw's only empty plot. Dick head got mad when my papaw moved in the trailer and decided to have surveyors come out to prove my papaw was encroaching on his land. Turns out that 5 feet of the neighbors house had been placed on my papaw's land and finally the dick backed off because my papaw had the rights to make him move his house or make him pay property rental space. A few years later the guy choked to death while eating a piece of cake. Moral of the story... you cant have your cake and eat it too. Lol actually idk if this works here it was just funny.

**u/--cheese--** (646 points)

I love that it was the neighbour who suggested the professional surveyor. Hoisted by his own petard!

The fact that he tried to sneakily cut down the plants in the middle of the night doesn't exactly make him sound confident about  his rights to the property. I assume he thought it would be cheaper to do that than to just get a professional in to clear things up?

**u/curtludwig** (644 points)

There was a guy that lived in the apartment complex next door to my house that fit the bill. He used to yell at us for cutting through the apartment complex's driveway which connected to my street. For context I was in my late '30s walking my dog. His wife would always look so embarrassed. I tried reasoning with him a couple times which got me nowhere. In the end when he would yell I'd cheerfully raise my hand "Top o' the morning neighbor!" no matter what time of day (or evening) it was I always said the same thing. It made his wife smile, made him confused and made my day.

That lasted about a year, I think he died, I haven't seen him for several years anyway.

**u/Troggie42** (547 points)

Parking troll tow truck drivers yes. Emergency roadside assistance tow truck drivers no.

There usually isn't much crossover between the two.

**u/CharlesHalloway** (540 points)

shakedown.

tow truck drivers are among the worst of humanity. I'm serious. They're a notch above pedophiles.

**u/generica_ccount** (522 points)

My parents recently got in a spat with a neighbor over a similar issue; my folks had cleared out some of "the neighbor's" brush and the neighbor threw a fit. 

The neighbor worked for a legal firm, and she used her company's letterhead (without permission from their company) to try and send a threatening notice over the value of the destroyed plants (they referenced a law written to protect trees, not weeds - they would've been entitled to 3x the cost of the destroyed shrubbery, which would've been around $0). She also delivered it to the mailbox herself, which is illegal. 

They had a surveyor find the property line, and when it came up 2-3 feet too short, they *fucking moved*.

**u/Jackofalltrades87** (516 points)

Same happened to me when I was a kid. There was a wooden fence between our house and the neighbors. My cousin and I were playing on it and the guy came outside and cursed us out. Told us if he caught us “little shits” on his property again, there would be “hell to pay”. I was like 8 years old. I probably was a little shit but We went inside and told my dad. He got pissed off and went to the guys front door and they argued over where the property line was. My dad actually built the fence himself years before the neighbor bought their house. My dad called a surveyor. The guys driveway was between his house and the fence. The property pin was buried about a foot into the guys driveway. My dad moved the fence the following weekend. The guy couldn’t use his driveway. He had to move his concrete retaining wall so he could have just enough room to open his car door. They put up a for sale sign a couple of months later.

**u/Slightly_Damaged_Car** (508 points)

Fun facts! those little maps, when not a full survey are called "Plot Plans" and used to be really popular before the advent of title insurance.

Also most cities have by-laws where by you **MUST** have the good side of the fence facing the neighbor, and you are not allowed to have the ugly side facing out.

**u/imperial_scum** (495 points)

When I bought my house, I got a little map of the exact property lines for my lot. My neighbor on the one side has half a foot of my yard, but we get the pretty side of the fence
