# If you're late again, don’t bother coming in. So… I didn't.

**Sub:** r/MaliciousCompliance  
**Author:** u/lilysincla  
**Score:** 56,722  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/1kmibqa/if_youre_late_again_dont_bother_coming_in_so_i/  

---

Used to have this chill supervisor understood traffic happens, life happens, as long as the work got done. Then we got a new guy. Corporate type. Obsessed with “punctuality culture.”

First week he calls me into his office:  
  
“You’ve been 5-10 minutes late a few times. That won’t fly anymore. If you’re late again, don’t bother coming in at all.”

I asked if we could talk about adjusting my shift slightly. I work late most days anyway. He cuts me off: “We have to maintain standards. No exceptions.”

Alright then.

Next Monday, I hit traffic. GPS says I’ll be 12 minutes late. So… I didn't go in. Took the day. Sent an email: “Following your guidance. Late again, so I won’t be coming in.”

No reply.

Then I did it again Thursday. Same deal light traffic delay, stayed home. HR finally emails me like “Are you planning to return to work?”  
I forwarded them his exact words. No edits.

Suddenly there’s a “clarification” meeting. Apparently the policy was “miscommunicated.” I’m welcome back and minor delays will now be “handled with understanding.”

Guess he didn’t expect me to follow instructions that well.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Dimension10** (6,528 points)

I knew a person that was a great worker but was often late,  long commute.


They adjusted his shift start time by half an hour, but didn't immediately tell him, so he was always on time even though he thought he was late.

**u/HRDBMW** (6,247 points)

I had a company do that to me once. They set a policy of points. and the points were the same being late or not coming in. I was NEVER late, except one day I got stuck on the wrong side of a train, and no place to turn around. So I called out.

Then they got upset because I was the only guy on my shift who did my job. 

Not. My. Problem.

**u/ACID_DIARRHEA_612** (3,085 points)

This is what I do with my wife. 
“Meet me at the movie theatre. Starts at 6:30!” 

She arrives at 7, just in time to grab snacks before the 7:10 showing.

**u/nottakenby** (2,272 points)

Way to handle the new guy efficiently

**u/Inevitable_Quiet_432** (1,928 points)

As a manager I can say you're absolutely right, though the company won't admit it. If they need someone that bad, they need to have a back-up on staff. You CANNOT be there every day, all the time.

**u/blahblah19999** (1,892 points)

I did that with a *chronically* late friend once. Told him an event was a hour earlier, he showed up at an empty building a half hour before the real time  (which was a half hour late for him) and was a miserable bitch all day b/c he lost that half hour. His defense "Well I knew I had to be on time for *this*!! This is different!"

**u/georgiomoorlord** (1,262 points)

Best way to remove a ridiculous rule is to strictly enforce it.

**u/Zjoee** (1,261 points)

And he was still 30 minutes "late" haha

**u/Bradddtheimpaler** (1,188 points)

In my high school, the punishment for being one second late was identical to the punishment for being five hours late.  I can’t tell you how many times I heard the bell ringing for my first class while I was walking to it, turned right around, put my books back in my locker, and left to go spend my morning at the park reading a novel, or getting some coffee or something and watching the river roll by, then I’d roll back into school a little after lunch.

**u/DevelopmentGrand4331** (993 points)

Yeah, setting the lateness issue aside, I don’t have much sympathy for a company that can’t function if one person unexpectedly doesn’t show up.

What if that person get’s sick or is involved in an accident?  What if they have a personal emergency or decide to quit without notice?

There should always be a backup plan, and you should be staffed well enough so there’s not a single point of failure.

**u/hmmidkmybffjill** (977 points)

Haha so by his logic he was still 30 mins late

**u/LindonLilBlueBalls** (758 points)

I commute 40 miles each way for work everyday, so I get that traffic can happen unexpectedly. But how are you late to work multiple times a week?

**u/Personal-Zucchini484** (696 points)

Followed orders too well, that’s the real threat to management. And you didn’t break the rules, you executed them.

**u/peterthedj** (660 points)

Corporate: "Yeah, but if we hire a backup, accounting says our profit margin goes down by 0.04% and that will piss off the shareholders like you wouldn't believe."

It's always mind boggling how they never seem to realize that if such a "single point of failure" actually *does* fail, it will cost them a lot more than 0.04%.

**u/sosolidq** (550 points)

I had a similar thing years ago while a student working part time in a restaurant. The restaurant closed for refurb and all staff had a weekend of training on new standards etc. 

First day, the guy taking the training went on a rant about the importance of punctuality and said that anyone arriving late wouldn't be allowed to enter. 

I hit traffic on the second day of the training so turned around and went home.

Had a phonecall asking my whereabouts and I explained. They asked me nicely to please make my way there so I did, in time for the afternoon. Nice morning though.

**u/MasterChildhood437** (536 points)

> In my high school, the punishment for being one second late was identical to the punishment for being five hours late.

Which, at my high school, was identical to having an unexcused absence.

Missed the bus? Oh well, fuck it.

**u/j0a3k** (522 points)

"Now you know how it feels every other time when we have to wait for you."

That's the response every single time they complain about it.

**u/mean_bean_machine** (512 points)

"On time"

"7:30"

I know this guy personally.

**u/agfitzp** (500 points)

I organized a brunch for my parents to meet my fiancée's parents. If my parents have ever been on time for anything in the past 40 years I am not aware of it.

So I told them it was an hour earlier than it actually was. Sure enough, 50 minutes after the time I told them, 10 minutes before the time the in-laws were invited for my mother rushes breathless into the restaurant.

"Your Dad is parking the car, he'll be right in, we're so sorry." 

As she catches her breath she glances around and realizes that my fiancée and I are the the only people seated at a large clean table and her expression goes from apologetic to confused.

"I have to confess that you're actually 10 minutes early, I lied about the time so that you would not be late."

Her expression changes again to some bizarre combination of shock and anger... and pride?

"Oh.... oh WELL DONE"

**u/lordthorn777** (441 points)

my boss used to bitch about me being late some days untill he drove the way i come to work though the bridge tunnel and got stuck in traffic for 2 hours because some one decided to have an accident wich for me happens about twice a week sometimes more no matter what time i leave for work he no longer says anything if im late

**u/talaqen** (418 points)

lol.  “water conservation” and “lawn” are incongruous.  Tell him to let the lawn die or grow over with natural local flowers for pollinators.

**u/tynorex** (416 points)

The problem is when they get worse and worse. Told my team that core hours were 9-3. Get in at 7? leave at 3, get in at 9? leave at 5. Super basic.


Guy came in at 915 consistently. Bumped his schedule back to 930 start time, he came in at 945 consistently. Bumped him back to 10, suddenly it's 1015 consistently. Had to crank him back to 9 and suddenly its back to 915. Dude just can't handle being on time.

**u/JoeyJoeJoeSenior** (386 points)

"The plant called and they said if you don't come in today don't bother coming in on Monday." "WOO HOO four day weekend!"

**u/Egoy** (375 points)

I mean not to be a dick and all but if you’re consistently late maybe start leaving home earlier instead of jeopardizing your career by being a little shit to your boss.

**u/CalmDownReddit509** (351 points)

Exactly. Yeah, unexpected traffic happens but if OP is late multiple times per week that says more about their poor planning skills. I suspect OP isn't giving the full story, assuming this is even real.
