# I denied a cop the bathroom code at Subway.

**Sub:** r/MaliciousCompliance  
**Author:** u/Stretch_R_mstrong  
**Score:** 51,083  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/obig4j/i_denied_a_cop_the_bathroom_code_at_subway/  

---

So I was working at Subway a few years ago and a man came in with his wife and two children. I had all four sandwiches started when the man asked me for the code to the bathroom. The policy was you had to make a purchase to get the bathroom code, but by the way he was doing the potty dance, it was pretty apparent this guy needed to go. Obviously, either he or his wife will pay for the four sandwiches I've already started.

The next day, my boss sits me down and lectures me about how the code is on the receipt for a reason. She watched the tape and see me give the man the code and tells me, "I don't care who it's for. Whether it's your friend, family, whatever, you name it, you do NOT give it the code under any circumstances."

Later on that night, I was working by myself when some guy in a trench coat and greasy long hair came in the side door and said, "Hey man, somebody got seriously f**** up outside." A long line of customers waited for me while I subtly grabbed the bread knife (sharp af) and went around to check. It wasn't the best part of town, so you never know with people.

Anyways, as trenchcoat man stated, someone was seriously f**** up outside. His face was all bloody and he was just a mess. I called 911 and went back to making sandwiches. 

Sometime later, a few cop cars and an ambulance showed up. They were doing their business outside and then one of the officers comes in and asks for the bathroom code. Like six hours earlier, my boss told me not to give it "under any circumstances" without a purchase. 

I laughed a little and told him what I told all the other customers, "I'm sorry, you have to make a purchase first. You can get a cookie which is $0.?? and then it'll be on the receipt." He didn't realize the laugh was really at myself and how awkward of a situation he unknowingly put me in, nor did I have a chance to explain it before the laugh and the rejection of the bathroom code caused the cop to become straight up furious. 

He gives me three warnings to give him the code. Each time I tell him I'm not going to give it to him and the customers are on my side telling him I'm just doing my job. After his third warning, he shook his head and muttered "I can't believe you're interfering with an ongoing investigation," and he uses the walkie on his shoulder to get some information. 

About five minutes later, one of the cops handed me a phone. I answered and my manager said, "Are you f****ing serious???" Long story short, the cop got the bathroom code and a free bag of chips.

---

## Top Comments

**u/F0000r** (13,394 points)

How many times do employers say that, under no circumstances...just to gave exempted circumstances arise.

**u/DamnImPantslessAgain** (7,996 points)

&gt;I answered and my manager said, "Are you f****ing serious???" Long story short, the cop got the bathroom code 

I mean, by that point you might as well swing ya dick and tell the manager you're going to need him to come down and buy something.

**u/ThirtyMileSniper** (5,184 points)

&gt;and my manager said, "Are you f****ing serious???"

I think the answer to that was "weren't you?"

Edit. Cheers u/dietl

**u/DoubleNubbin** (4,362 points)

It's far easier to tell people what they should do when you don't have to do it yourself. A good manager hires staff and then trains them to the point that they can trust them to make sensible decisions without having to be walked through it. A bad manager doesn't trust their staff and sets rules. A really shitty manager gets upset at staff when they're doing anything they don't approve of, regardless of whether it affects the job, company, or other customers.

**u/Ethan** (2,267 points)

"Since you said under no circumstances, I'm going to assume that you're testing me to make sure I comply with your previous instructions. Don't worry, I won't give him the code."

**u/bloomingpoppies** (2,245 points)

“YOU JUST CHEWED ME OUT FOR GIVING OUT THE CODE!!!! That was NOT FUN for me”

**u/FrankExchange0fViews** (1,319 points)

What did the manager think "under any circumstances" meant?

**u/aimed_4_the_head** (1,204 points)

"to prevent misunderstandings in the future, I need you to give me a written list of exceptions to corporate policy"

**u/LimpingWhale** (1,176 points)

That would be the perfect response

**u/TheLeastCreative** (711 points)

What's the big deal anyway. I'm assuming the issue is not letting "the riffraff" make a mess in the bathroom. I'm also assuming OP has to clean the bathroom too, so they should be able to make judgement calls on who gets to use it without purchase.

**u/[deleted]** (643 points)

What a piece of shit manager. Everyone has their own shit. But what a miserable bastard.

**u/series-hybrid** (617 points)

"There is no stupid question"

"We are like a family here"

"We are a team"

"Safety is number one here"

**u/Bunnyhat** (538 points)

It pisses me off when managers make a blanket statement and then fold anytime an actual customer talks to them about it. Like no waiving late fees. It's hammered into us all day, everyday about how we don't waive a late fee for any reason no matter what. We get a list of talking points to explain why, we have to sit there and get hollered at by customers as we keep telling them no. Even times when there are perfectly good reasons to waive them we have go through this whole song and dance first. We're supposed to tell them no multiple times before giving the higher ups phone number. 

So they get super upset and demand to speak to someone higher up. And of course the moment they do that instead of defending us for following the policy, they just instantly give in and waive the fee. And now, the people who have the most interaction with the customers are the clear bad guys.

**u/SecondTalon** (490 points)

"Yes, boss, I'm serious, because I thought you were serious when you said no exceptions.  Unless you give me, in writing, a list of all the exceptions I'm supposed to remember - no purchase means no bathroom code"

**u/avoidedbydesign** (480 points)

"Under any circumstances" for someone like that means, never do it unless a situation arises that the person themselves, would allow the rule to change in a certain scenario.  What those scenarios are, are completely in their head and you should be a psychic to figure that out./s

**u/VampireQueenDespair** (478 points)

Unfortunately, the “big deal” is that heroin junkies will use the bathroom to shoot up and methheads will smoke and even sometimes cook (via the “shake and bake” method) meth in public bathrooms. The meth cooking is the worst, because it forces the building to be evacuated. If you’re lucky, the “shake and bake meth” doesn’t explode instead of baking.

**u/siensunshine** (441 points)

Perfect response.

**u/[deleted]** (441 points)

Wow, you got a double-whammy. Cop abusing his power saying you're "interfering with an investigation" and a boss who gets mad at you for doing exactly what she told you to do.

**u/CatAteMyBread** (417 points)

If I were in that situation at the point of my life that I’m at, I’d do that. As a high schooler working fast food, probably not. 

Back then I needed the money, nowadays I need managers worth a damn

**u/sorry_I_said_that** (386 points)

“That won’t be necessary. This is your last shift.”

And then they go hire another “sandwich artist” for $9/hr.

**u/MattHack7** (383 points)

Reminds me of a time when I was VOLUNTEERING at a winter festival on a frozen lake. One of the events that was setup for kids was dog sled rides. I was manning another area with my friend when the lady who was organizing the event comes over to me and says, “hey the guy running the dog sleds has a cut off of 4pm and the line as it stands will take a half hour to get through. Because the cut off is for the health of the dogs I need you to stand at the back of the line and not let any more people in”

So not the best job but makes sense. So I stand at the end of the line and start telling parents and their kids that “Sorry the dogs are getting tired so I have to cut the line off here” 

By the first three parents are calling me names and heartless and for denying their kid a chance to ride the dog sled. Several of the kids throw a fit or start to cry… so I am already feeling terrible. 

Then this one dude comes by with his like 2-year old and I explain again to him. And then in a really sad voice his son goes, “okay…” and then his dad kneels down and goes, “I’m sorry buddy daddy screwed up I’ll take you to the dogs first next time, but we gotta let them rest they’re working real hard.” And then both dad and son walk away kinda sad after THANKING ME for being so nice about it. 

That hurt even more.

Then this dude comes up to me and starts to walk around me to get him and his son in line. I again explain why he can’t and then…

He: “oh come on you can take one more”
“Sorry I can’t the dogs are getting tired and they’re working late as is”
“Come on dude you can’t tell my son that he’s been looking forward to this all day”
(Me addressing the kid: “sorry little man but the doggies are getting really tired…”
(Kid is visibly sad but more or less is accepting it. Not handling it as well as the previous kid but not as bad as some of the others)
He: “see you’re breaking his heart”
Me: “sorry man it’s not my fault”

Guy proceeds for a solid couple of minutes calling me names and insisting that I am being cruel to his kid and getting off on being a jerk. 

Then the lady running the event comes over.
Lady: “what seems to be the problem”
He: “this guy won’t let my son ride the dogs”
L : “Oh of course he can ride the dog sled! Just hop in line!” (And she walks away while the guy thanks her and scowls at me)

I immediately leave my post and run and grab the polite guy who is having an adorable conversation with his kid a little ways away explaining about missed expectations.

I then just waved everyone else through because only a few people even asked. 

I still feel bad for the dogs but not as much as I hated the lady running the event. 

Nothings worse than being told to be the bad guy while the person who told you to do that gets to be the good guy and act like they never told you to be the bad guy in the first place

**u/no_tak** (368 points)

I'm getting SpongeBob vibes from that response :)

**u/MAP2525** (354 points)

Happened every single time when I was working at Batteries + Bulbs, it was next to a retirement home so every time Gertrude came in with a coupon that expired in 2008 I'd naturally get screeched at for not accepting it. My manager would reluctantly crawl out the back from his migraine nap and tell me to accept it. Cue the following "was that so hard?!" from Gertrude. Fuck am I glad I'm out of retail.
