# Ex-GF wouldn't let me break the lease so I walked in on her boning her new BF.

**Sub:** r/MaliciousCompliance  
**Author:** u/[deleted]  
**Score:** 50,854  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/ayf7ru/exgf_wouldnt_let_me_break_the_lease_so_i_walked/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/dubiouscontraption** (10,749 points)

You got what you wanted with very little effort - no threats, violence, yelling, or police needed. Just cheerful cockblocking. Well done!

**u/SUND3VlL** (3,433 points)

“I got bagels!” That’s trolling on an epic level OP.

**u/Dvc_California** (2,976 points)

Bravo, well done!

You're also being a Bro to her new BF, giving him a peek at what he can expect from your ex-GF if they move in too!

**u/ilovefireengines** (2,067 points)

I read your name as dubiouscontraception and thought how apt! 🤦‍♀️

**u/SkippyBoJangles** (1,193 points)

That's the real thing here. You saved that guy.

**u/Merry_Sue** (1,154 points)

My favourite part is how polite and friendly you were to the new couple

**u/ChefDJH** (934 points)

Sex o clock. Right on time.

**u/Siphyre** (786 points)

She prolly got the guy to sign the lease...

**u/dubiouscontraption** (621 points)

HA! No sex at all is the most effective way to avoid pregnancy!

**u/analogrevenge** (550 points)

Not my problem. Could have fit another bed in there. But the fact is she could afford the rent herself, she just didn't want to pay and told me she couldn't "find a roommate" as an excuse. I played along because what else could I do?

&amp;#x200B;

I don't know if she ended up getting a roommate or not. I'm guessing she didn't and it was all BS from the beginning.

**u/i_have_cheese** (505 points)

Fucking power move.

**u/diaphragmPump** (470 points)

100% my favorite part

**u/jujuvenile** (447 points)

If it’s a studio where would the “roommate” go?

**u/maddkid53** (421 points)

I really really liked the "leave a polite note about how I'm sorry I missed them and I'll see them tonight" part. But really the story just keeps getting better and better.

**u/GnoiXiaK** (341 points)

This is amazing. You sir are a hero.

**u/CleatusVandamn** (330 points)

I've seen 4 people living in a studio in L.A., looking for a roommate. I couldn't do it but it happens.

**u/tinselsnips** (315 points)

&gt;This happened about 10 years ago.



&gt;a bunch of faxes from my ex

Checks out.

**u/blalokjpg** (305 points)

Oof

**u/BeastPenguin** (304 points)

Might as well commit fully to the passive aggression, say "oh don't you two just look adorable!!"

**u/Georgie_Leech** (296 points)

Effective in almost all cases, according to the Catholic Church!

**u/Liquid_Hate_Train** (272 points)

I love how being religious *increases* your chances of pregnancy from not having sex.

**u/dinosaur_apocalypse** (259 points)

That’s when OP starts making commentary on the act. “Oh I remember when she did that for me.” and “wait til she turns around.” And “She used to be better at that move, but it seems she’s less flexible/fatter/less adventurous now.” And the classic “My bad if it’s feeling loose up there.”

Or he could just start standing next to the bed jerking off. 

EDIT: Thank you anonymous for popping my award cherry.

**u/Uncle_Lenny** (221 points)

It's okay he got first hand training on what to do, he good.

**u/led76** (207 points)

Amazing. I love the sheer audacity of just hanging out with them uninvited. 

The only thing that could have been better would be if you brought a date over one evening.

**u/Skeptic1999** (206 points)

It's also amazing what a lack of money will inspire people to tolerate.
