# HR tried to Get Rid of my Dad right before he was able to get his pension

**Sub:** r/MaliciousCompliance  
**Author:** u/Sorkoth1  
**Score:** 48,956  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/o76kzv/hr_tried_to_get_rid_of_my_dad_right_before_he_was/  

---

My Father worked for a Forbes 500 company since the 70s.  Moved up the ranks as a software engineer and management, has patents for the company that saved it millions of dollars.  He's almost to pension age and suddenly HR starts making his life miserable.  He noticed this trend was happening to some of his coworkers when they were getting close to age 60 as well.

HR Lady calls him into the office and says that he was not punching in and out at the correct time.    My Father, an engineer, is very very detail oriented.  He knew that these were false accusations and asked HR to prove it.  They came back a week later and couldn't prove it.  And he said,  "Of course you can't.  I have been driving the corporate carpool bus from \[A major city 40 miles away from the company\] for the last 15 years.  I always have 16 witnesses on my clock in time and I haven't been late in 15 years."

HR Lady came back a week later and they said that they were going to fire him for letting people into the building without badging.  He asked to see when and where he was letting someone into the building without badging.  They showed that he held the door for his best friend who had also been working there since the 70s who had his foot cut off after having type 2 diabetes. He was in a wheelchair.

Prior to this my dad took the chief of security out for lunch and told him about how this company wanted him to leave before he got his pension so he got some footage of his own.  My dad said, "That is very interesting.  You are going to fire me for holding the door for my best friend of 35 years after his foot was amputated and he was in a wheelchair?  Fine then I hope you fire the CEO and yourself as well!!!"  He then proceeded to show footage of the HR lady holding the door for his friend and the CEO holding the door for his friend.

My Father ended up staying there until he got his pension.

Edit:  I don't know his finances and he probably wouldn't have lost the whole pension but there was a definite financial difference from being fired prior to reaching age 60 and making it to age 60.

Edit 2:  So this blew up so much that my brother who didn't know I was on Reddit texted me and said "You are reddit famous.  That's a story about Dad!  I knew this was you."  Also some of you are wondering why a Software Engineer would have to clock in and out, well he didn't.    I meant to use the word badge in and out of the building, they went that far to talk with security to see his badge timestamps.  There are more things that led to this getting bad and I didn't want to write pages and pages but it definitely escalated to this point.  Lastly for those of you that have been saying that my dad must have worked there as a child, this whole thing happened roughly 9 years ago.  My father is 68 right now.  If you want to know what company it was: this sentence is the most general hint I can give you but it may drive people from that company to be mad at me.  


Final Update:  Dad quit that job a while ago and made his own company in his retirement.  He has used his own money to patent a new invention that desalinates seawater and provides clean solar energy.  He has patents for this in America, India, and China and is looking for some capital to provide clean water and power to 3rd world countries.  If interested in helping him build his first power plant please send me a message.

---

## Top Comments

**u/latents** (9,265 points)

I hope hordes of future employees learned of this, made sure their contracts had incredible immediate returns and then abandoned the company and explained exactly why. Those who reward loyalty with treachery deserve what they get in return.

**u/KTB1962** (2,274 points)

Not a surprise.  My company had done similar things for years.  They finally got caught and someone ended up suing for ageism.  My company ended up settling, but part of the settlement was the entirety of the upper management of HR all had to be fired because they were the one who instituted that "policy".  6 people let go, 1 of which was less than a year from their retirement and full benefits...  The past 15+ years have been a bit better.

**u/Alexis_J_M** (2,202 points)

European-style employment contracts are rare in the US.  In most states employees are employed at the will of the employer, and in others there are only minimal protections.  

Even giving two weeks notice is usually only a customary courtesy.

**u/Evil_Creamsicle** (1,892 points)

At a previous job, I got one day notice. And that's only because one of the owners is a friend of mine who had my back but happened to be outnumbered. The other 8 people let go that day (in a company of about 75 people) had no notice.

He came to my desk and said "Let's go to lunch"

I said "I have to finish this project first."

He said "Lets. Go. To. Lunch."

Proceeded to tell me what was about to happen then fed me whiskey all afternoon on his dime instead of going back to work. Good dude, we're still friends.

EDIT: formatting

**u/Asshole_with_facts** (1,523 points)

Unfortunately, this is what I do for a living. As head of finance for my current company, I hAve to forecast salaries, benefits, taxes, etc for the year. If issues arise and we need to cut people, I first try and not backfill open positions. If the top says "that's not enough" I have to work with the leaders of departments to find people on "pip"s who can easily be let go due to performance. If we're doing really bad, I just picked the highest paid non managers the minimize headcount loss.

If you work for a company of 100+, there's a me tracking your every dollar cost to a company, reading your performance reviews, and judging your efficiency without ever meeting you. I'm very sorry, that's the US system. I don't enjoy my work, but it pays very well, and I try my best to save jobs.

**u/My_Butt_Itches_24_7** (1,279 points)

That notice is only one way though. If they are going to terminate your employment, they will drop you on your head no problem.

**u/Sorkoth1** (942 points)

A lot of people were being fired at 59 1/2 years of age

**u/noman_032018** (789 points)

&gt; If we're doing really bad, I just picked the highest paid non managers the minimize headcount loss.

Wouldn't that often include senior engineers without whom the company might have quite a bit of trouble?

**u/Current-Ticket4214** (672 points)

This is why I’ll never turn down more money from another company based on loyalty to my current. You are your own pension. Save your money on your own. Fuck these corporations.

**u/FrenchiestFry234** (606 points)

It's starting to be a common tactic. I had an opportunity to work for a fortune 500 company. They offered lower pay but they claimed you could get a pension, except they have a reputation for letting people go before they are fully vested. Noped right out of that offer.

**u/SeesawMundane5422** (517 points)

Am I the only one who just assumes this is IBM?

**u/Jkay064** (501 points)

The US-based mega-chain electronics store, Circuit City did exactly this. They let all their highest paid non-management employees go as a cost cutting measure. No one at Corporate put two thoughts together and rubbed them .. BECAUSE Circuit City sales workers are paid by sales commission. The top minds at Corporate fired all their top sales earners. Within 30 days, sales tumbled by 60%. The big-thinkers at Corporate scrambled to RE-hire the big earners they had fired but they had already moved on. Circuit City closed down and was dead within one year.

**u/Analbox** (469 points)

They won’t get what they deserve.  They’ll get recognized for trying and thus trusted more by unscrupulous higher ups.

If they got what they deserved at the very least they would lose their own pensions and be fired.  

I think they should be in jail for attempted robbery.  What’s the lifetime value of OP’s dads pension?  They should be on trial and be sentenced for trying to steal exactly that amount.

All parties involved in the scheme should be fired, fined, and barred from ever working in their industry or a similar job again.  Used to be a CEO?  Fuck you.  You work as a cook in a shitty road stop diner now because no one wants to hire someone willing to steal 100’s of thousands of dollars from a coworker.

That would be justice.  That’s what they deserve.


Edit: I want to add I mean no offense to truck stop diners; especially the honorable truck stop diner cooks of the world that would never try to steal someone’s retirement.

**u/Vexcess** (411 points)

They didn’t say it was right haha

**u/[deleted]** (395 points)

Jesus, what a bunch of dickheads! Well done your dad ❤️

**u/noman_032018** (319 points)

Heh, paid to help them shoot themselves in the foot. Nice.

**u/twynkletoes** (317 points)

Still are.

**u/nwfaganj** (274 points)

Remember, HR is working for the company, not for employees

**u/RobotWelder** (270 points)

Milton Waddams : [talking on the phone]  And I said, I don't care if they lay me off either, because I told, I told Bill that if they move my desk one more time, then, then I'm, I'm quitting, I'm going to quit. And, and I told Don too, because they've moved my desk four times already this year, and I used to be over by the window, and I could see the squirrels, and they were merry, but then, they switched from the Swingline to the Boston stapler, but I kept my Swingline stapler because it didn't bind up as much, and I kept the staples for the Swingline stapler and it's not okay because if they take my stapler then I'll set the building on fire...

**u/dingman58** (260 points)

This is the corporate bureaucracy.. they literally do whatever is the least sensible option

**u/CitizenSnipsJr** (255 points)

I'm all about loyalty. In fact, I feel like part of what I'm being paid for here is my loyalty. But if there were somewhere else that valued loyalty more highly, I'm going wherever they value loyalty the most.

**u/antihero2303** (253 points)

You need unions to protect you against this shit. Then and now

**u/angrydeuce** (249 points)

Yeah I've only ever walked out on one job in my life, a call center type of place. Long story short, I had a molar crack on me and was in a ton of pain, went to the dentist after work and had to have an extraction as it was too far gone. 

I called my supervisor and told him I wouldn't be able to work the following day because I was going to be hopped up on vicodin as well as have bloody gause in my mouth, which kinda precluded being able to talk on the phone effectively. Had a doctors note and everything, didn't matter, if I wasn't there for my shift the following day I was going to be given a warning which not only would bar me from using any PTO for 6 months (to include the PTO that was already approved) but I would also forego any raise at my next review.

I showed up the next day at my scheduled time, punched in, cleaned out my locker, punched out, and threw all my shit into the drop box at the HR office.  Fuck em.

**u/werfw** (243 points)

&gt;I just picked the highest paid **NON** managers the minimize headcount loss.

Well, *there's* your problem! If you open it up to include managerial positions on the chopping block, I'm sure they'll find the money *real* quick!

**u/424f42_424f42** (235 points)

Yep. Last time my company had lay off it was fun responding to some higher up people asking about projects that they fired the whole team so 100% of the knowledge is gone (sure there's documentation.... Somewhere, but they fired everyone that knew where it was) then they squirm about how important the project was. Oh well, guess it wasn't.
