# Whilst getting ready for my engagement party, FIL handed me his shirt and told me to iron it for him (because I'm a woman). I ruined it.

**Sub:** r/MaliciousCompliance  
**Author:** u/Stitchywitchlich  
**Score:** 48,917  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/tahxdl/whilst_getting_ready_for_my_engagement_party_fil/  

---

My father in law had travelled down to attend mine and my fiancé's engagement party, he was getting ready and staying at my house. 

I had my hair half curled and my makeup half done, with not much time left. I was visibly rushing. He handed me his shirt and said "iron this for me." Apparently, my vagina gave me the necessary qualifications for being the Chief Ironer. 

I took it off him with a smile and ironed the vinyl (I think?) print on the highest setting and ruined his shirt. Melted the logo and got scorch marks on the shirt. Oops. "Sorry FIL, I don't know why you thought I'd be good at ironing but I'm terrible at it! I tried my best though."

He had to wear an ill-fitting replacement from my fiancé, he ironed that one himself.

EDIT: I'm getting *a lot* of hate for this, so I wanted to clear up some common misconceptions. 

My FIL is a terrible, sexist man that abused my MIL until she fled with her then-young children to a women's refuge center. There is absolutely no question that he was demanding I iron his shirt because I am a woman and "that is what women do". No, I didn't feel like politely declining. No, it's not my responsibility to teach him how to be less sexist.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Andy85124** (13,499 points)

Ironic.

**u/Playful_Donut2336** (9,073 points)

I worked with a guy who always complained that he had to take his shirts to the dry cleaners to be ironed because his mother didn't do it well enough. He was *appalled* when I suggested he do it himself! Funny thing...he married a woman who insisted he do his share of the housework. I suspect ironing his own shirts was part of it!

**u/klem_kadiddlehopper** (3,318 points)

When my son was a teenager and was into skateboarding he wanted me to iron his shirt. It was a long sleeved, button down cotton shirt. I was ironing my work clothes. I told him to iron his own shirt and he told me he didn't know how. I taught him. It was just me and him and I taught him how to use the stove and not burn the house down; also taught him how to shave. 

The biggest thing that bugged me was, my son changed his clothes often because of skating and he used more towels than he should have. Instead of hanging his towel up he would get another one. I finally had enough of doing so much laundry so I taught him how to do his own. My own mother never taught me and my three siblings how to do anything and it was difficult for us when we grew up. I wanted my son to stop relying on me for everything.

**u/digitydigitydoo** (2,341 points)

I knew a guy who told the story about how shortly after he married, he explained to his wife that she was not ironing his shirts correctly. He then showed her precisely how a shirt was to be properly ironed and after that, all of his shirts were done correctly. 

Because she never ironed any of his shirts again.

**u/blahehblah** (2,088 points)

You have unlocked the "parenting" achievement. 4% of parents have this achievement.

..but seriously, I wish I'd received this. Was set up terribly for life

**u/111111911111** (1,885 points)

That's awesome! My dad pulled some of that shit on my wife after we were married, but always when I wasn't around or in the room. She has no issues lighting him up when he hauls out the sexist comments. I think its hilarious! The last time he tried it, he asks me to take some of his laundry home and ask her to wash it. I told him to come along and ask her himself. He turned red and mumbled something, and that was the end of that 🤣. 

My wife and I definitely split chores, but its based on what we enjoy or don't mind doing, not a male/female job split.

**u/Alaszrar** (1,773 points)

actual dad joke

**u/RambleMan** (1,699 points)

My dad was in the military until shortly after I was born. All through my childhood he did his own ironing because the military taught him how and he knew how he liked it done.

**u/ProudMaOfaSlut** (1,395 points)

I'll tell you what happened next, I got a divorce. I tried until our kid was potty trained and I filled for divorce. I had 2 babies, and only one was old enough to smoke. Cleaning up after an infant is easier than a grown ass man because you know the baby doesn't know any better. When I told my ex that I wanted a divorce he said "I won't allow it". What was oddly funny.

**u/ProudMaOfaSlut** (1,379 points)

My (former) FIL dashed across the room when I asked my (ex) husband to change our newborn's diaper. "No, you need to teach her that's her job". I had had a C-section &amp; could barely move. I learned so much those first few months.

**u/ggapsfface** (1,259 points)

This is the first instance of strategic incompetence I've seen that I can get fully behind! Well done.

**u/microwavedhair** (1,004 points)

My brother once told his wife to make him a sandwich and my dad said "the fuck is wrong with you? Can't make your own damn sandwich? You don't think shes doing enough feeding your child right now she needs to feed another?"

**u/Stitchywitchlich** (884 points)

What a fantastic response from you!! 

I'm friends with a couple who literally call household chores "blue jobs / pink jobs". I cringe every time I hear them talk about their labour division.

**u/Kit_kat253** (861 points)

I've only ever really seen my dad iron his own shirts. My dad also does any of the sewing/mending in the house as well. My mom can do it, but my dad is better. My dad was also a marine so maybe that's where he learned as well.

**u/Jumpjivenjelly** (529 points)

hahahaha "i won't allow it"

it wasn't a request, genius, it's a statement.

very good call

**u/Stitchywitchlich** (514 points)

It wasn't the first time he said something sexist so I was happy for the opportunity to help him with his dry cleaning 😇

**u/dwells2301** (507 points)

Nice job. Back in the dark ages when bell bottoms were in style,  my older brother ordered me to iron his pants. Instead of a crease down the front of the leg, I starched them the other way. He never asked me to iron for him again.

**u/BigChris503** (473 points)

I also got zero life skills from my parents. Fortunately we have a world of knowledge in our pockets nowadays. Unfortunately, however, we have to reform our daily habits in order to do the whole adult thing better. Not so easy for some of us.

**u/notyurmamma** (452 points)

Similar story with me and my now ex-husband. I didn’t do laundry right and he insisted his way was better. He obviously won and got to be the laundry captain for a family of 6 until we split. Absolute genius.

**u/No_Ebb_8642** (435 points)

Hang on.  He was going to wear a shirt with a vinyl print on it? Like a T-shirt? To your engagement party?

**u/rofosho** (424 points)

Wth. What happened next

**u/LadyToker** (391 points)

I applaud you for that quick thinking. I’ve been hurled into doing things for my in laws but never know what to say quick enough

**u/PRMan99** (375 points)

appropriate

**u/FeralSparky** (359 points)

Had a GF for a few months who didnt like the fact that I cooked for myself. She was always told growing up that was the woman's job.

I think it had something to do with the fact that I cook better than she did.

**u/JohnGenericDoe** (356 points)

It's like misogynyyyyyy

On your wedding day
