# Mil lied about my baby gender, now have to see my baby in the clothes they brought

**Sub:** r/MaliciousCompliance  
**Author:** u/Character-Ad-6728  
**Score:** 47,633  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/o0tvn8/mil_lied_about_my_baby_gender_now_have_to_see_my/  

---

English is not my first language and I am in mobile, so please be patient with me. They told me in r/amitheasshole you guys would like this

November last year I(30f) gave birth to our first baby. It's the first in my family and the 6th in my husband family(32m). It's important to say that all the six kids are boys and MIL is in some sick baby girl rabies.

Ever since we made the announcement MIL convinced herself that I was pregnant with a girl. I told her that once we knew the gender she would be the first one to know. We told her it was a boy, she still was convinced it was a girl. She told they whole side of the family it was a girl. I corrected but she told them I was just annoyed bc I wanted a boy first (I wanted a healthy baby, I didn't have a damn about the sex). She also told them we are naming the girl after her mom, which we will never do bc hubby hates his Grandma. 

When the baby shower gifts started to come I noticed a lot of things that wasn't in the register. Embroidered things with grandma's name. And it didn't matter we told them the gender and the name, and make clear we are not lying about the gender. Everyone believed her 

Well, the baby was born. And imagine the surprise... It was a boy, just LIKE WE HAVE BEEN TELLING EVERYONE. The problem (for them) was that now the baby have plenty of "girly" clothes, pink onesies etc, and we are dressing our baby with them. Specially for his family video calls and for pictures for them. 

After Saturday call, MIL called us to scream to us bc we are making the elders uncomfortable for not sticking to a masculine color scheme for the baby clothes. And we have to stop being this childish, she just through my belly shape was more like girl them for a boy. 

We told her we will not change the baby's clothes, and to just await until the dresses fit. He will look adorable.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Gloria_In_Autumn** (7,657 points)

LMAO This is what she gets for being this annoying. She can deal with being annoyed for a bit. It's her turn, after all.

**u/tosser_account903** (3,915 points)

Good parenting. Who cares what baby wears. MIL sounds loonie

**u/DrAllure** (3,845 points)

Honestly gendered clothing is so fucking dumb to begin with, let alone for a baby. There were times when most babies/toddlers were just put in white dresses because it's easier to get to the nappy that way. 

Bonus video:  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JDmb_f3E2c

**u/Character-Ad-6728** (3,714 points)

Right???

But this kinda brought some problems, we discovered he looks adorable in every color. We will have big problems with his ego when he found out

**u/Dimcair** (3,290 points)

First checkup ultrasound I was mistaken for a girl.

Parents bought all girly clothes.

I did not care.

**u/bellePunk** (2,912 points)

Bonus points if you tell everyone that mil calls him by grandma's name as a nickname!

**u/ladysadi** (2,842 points)

Did anyone even apologize for not listening to you since this is your baby and your first? I'm glad you are taking it in stride. I would have been really offended by the whole situation.

What did you do with the embroidered things? Just use them anyway?

**u/PotatoesPancakes** (1,550 points)

Babies don't care what they wear and have no concept of "girl" or "boy" colors which is just a marketing scheme anyway. 

MIL is just mad she was proven wrong and those clothes are a reminder to everyone of her foolishness.

**u/Hedgie_Herder** (1,464 points)

My imminently practical mother bought me a lot of gray and yellow and green because she knew she wanted another after me. I was an androgynous lil tyke at times. (Also my heartbeat was fast, so they thought I was a boy. Turns out I was a hyper girl.)

**u/shockwave8428** (1,431 points)

Honestly telling everyone they were naming the kid after the grandma is low key the craziest part. She’s like trying to create her ideal world and speak things into existence. Super disrespectful of her

**u/Cedocore** (1,409 points)

That's what I was thinking. It's BONKERS to me that one side of her family just thought she was lying??? WHY WOULD SHE LIE, and why would you believe the MIL over her?!

**u/pokey1984** (1,205 points)

My mom also went the practical route and bought androgynous clothes.  And she refuses to give pink or blue as baby gifts, too.  

When Mom was in college, her best friend got pregnant and thought it was going to be a girl.  First baby, so they went all out.  Pink nursery, pink lacy blankets, pink stroller, the whole nine yards.  All pink and butterflies and lacy doll-clothes.  Every gift given at her baby shower was pink or a dress.

She was absolutely devastated when she gave birth to a little boy.  This was the seventies and she absolutely could not dress that little boy in pink lacy dresses.  She'd have been stoned.

But they'd spent their budget already.  Friends helped paint over the beautiful pink floral wallpaper (I'm told the result was hideous) and they bought enough area rugs to cover the pink carpet.  They managed to borrow non-pink stroller and car seat and such.  The poor baby had like four outfits the first three months of his life because there wasn't any money to buy boys clothes.  All the money was tied up in little pink dresses.

So Mom, (who also gave little pink dresses and blankets) swore she would never again help that happen.  She only gives gender-neutral gifts.  I've adopted the same policy.

**u/unimportantperson101** (1,072 points)

I just assumed it was difficult to make tiny trousers

**u/maimeddivinity** (976 points)

What gives her the audacity to act on such baseless assumptions about someone else's baby and then expect them to follow her demands..

**u/MistraloysiusMithrax** (854 points)

Bwahahahaha babies can be biiig hams. It’s hilarious that the dresses puff up his baby ego. Who’s a pretty baby?!?!

(I may really like babies and lose all sense of dignity around them, I still consider it one of my best masculine traits regardless of how stupid I look)

**u/AtomR** (848 points)

In some cultures, elders are respected &amp; believed more over the younger ones. Even if the "younger" are fully functional 40 y/o adults.

**u/IceCubette** (801 points)

Oh is *that* why they were in dresses? That makes so much more sense. I thought it was a religious thing

**u/Scrapper-Mom** (630 points)

I can guarantee the baby doesn't care one bit whether he's dressed in "girl clothes" or "boy clothes." Only that he is loved and fed and cared for. MIL is silly. Tell her she bought the clothes she apparently wanted to see your baby wear and he's wearing 'em.

**u/r0ndy** (624 points)

I’m a grown man that loves a colorful wardrobe. Life is full or color and I enjoy being a part of that. My wife likes to coordinate with me when possible too

**u/monox60** (618 points)

You can even say "She came up with it herself! Insisted even!"

**u/atomskeater** (510 points)

&gt; MIL is just mad she was proven wrong and those clothes are a reminder to everyone of her foolishness.

This is spot on! Don't know what she expected (aside from changing reality with her thoughts) but this is all her fault, she can deal with it. Can't believe everyone was like "oh let's listen to mil instead of the people having the fricking baby" but if a male baby wearing pink actually bugs them they just have themselves to blame.

**u/maneo** (503 points)

From today's lens, this story sounds insane lol. But that's very sweet and nice that friends helped out to deal with this apparently very important-for-the-era problem they were in. Also nice that it's, hopefully, not as much of a problem today. 

But either way, gender neutral gifts sound like a pretty good policy anyways lol

**u/The-pastel-witch** (471 points)

There were also times, when pink was male colour and blue girls... :)

**u/GiveToOedipus** (464 points)

It's also a bit like trying to stuff sausages to get their little legs into a pair at that age.

**u/ModernSwampWitch** (444 points)

My grandfather was a WWII vet, sportsman, car mechanic, and an all around man's man.  He also had a rainbow of color in his wardrobe, and proudly wore lots of pink, purple, etc.  When asked (because of course) he'd say "I have to step it up and look good to be seen with a woman that fine" (referring to my grandma).  I still miss him.
