# Plantation Weddings were Contentious Enough Already...

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/kinda_questionable  
**Score:** 22,314  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/oopa51/plantation_weddings_were_contentious_enough/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Fliss_Floss** (6,593 points)

Whose eyes widened more and more with each swipe?

**u/TheOriginalTash** (2,855 points)

WHY WOULD HE AGREE TO THIS?!

**u/stereolights** (2,071 points)

...is this guy okay? like... sir???

**u/BaconEggAndCheeseSPK** (1,832 points)

THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!  I want to read the comments SO BAD!

**u/RAraOohLaLaa** (1,781 points)

Wtf am I looking at, is this the sunken place?

**u/Beekerboogirl** (1,655 points)

What in the Roots fan fiction

**u/kaioone** (1,415 points)

I didn’t realise he had chains on until the last pic, wow.

**u/bunkymutt** (1,226 points)

Shut it down, the sub will never get more shameful than this.

**u/Bitlovin** (1,098 points)

I refuse to believe this isn't satire. Someone please tell me this is satire.

**u/Silverpool2018** (882 points)

I wanna see the original post so bad.

**u/Crimsonator21** (850 points)

Directed by Jordan Peele

**u/RyanClassicJ** (802 points)

THIS is the content this sub was made for.

**u/mercurial_planner** (588 points)

I am shocked Pikachu face...

I understand white people being dumb enough to not see how offensive this is, but WTF is up with the groom?  Is he being held hostage?  Is he plotting to marry her and kill her for her inheritance?  Is he actually a professional model being paid for this?  I need answers!

Edit: I've got it!  The poor man has had the operation from Get Out!  It has to be it!  The photos must have been taken without a flash.

**u/VBunns** (555 points)

No, this is the bad place!

**u/hxcn00b666** (547 points)

I raised my eyebrow at the first pic, my eyes widened at the second, my hand shot to my mouth to cover my gasp of shock on the third pic.

How...why....whose idea? and he was okay with it?? so many questions.

**u/CycadChips** (492 points)

However...the non blood inlaws of course will still be considered slaves and we have graciously provided a small shack for the mother-in-law for her laundry, cooking, faming cleaning and wet nursing duties....

**u/AmnesiaMonster** (446 points)

That comment and this post gives me "Get Out" vibes...I hope that dude has a cheerful TSA agent best friend on standby to rescue him.

**u/Bobcatluv** (419 points)

What in the fetishization…

**u/moronwhodances** (376 points)

It’s cool. He’s smiling. *He’s part of the family now.*

**u/artistsescape** (373 points)

OMG I didn't see them until I read your comment

**u/leiaflatt** (348 points)

With each swipe I kept muttering: “this can’t be real. This can’t actually be real.”

**u/VoltaicSketchyTeapot** (331 points)

I was thinking this is the artwork for the world's cringiest romance novel.

The 1842 year at the beginning of the caption. The rest of the caption reads like a book blurb. Historical fiction romance novels are absolutely in right now (I love a good Regency bodice ripper, myself). And some moron thinks it's a great idea to write a story of the daughter of the house falling in love with an enslaved man.

The historian in me cries in horror because this is so, so inappropriate... But then the Netflix adaptation of Bridgerton exists like "yes, love can totally overcome oppression"... sigh.

My feeling about historical fiction is "Could it have really happened?" Sure. Did it happen the way it's portrayed here with a fairy tale ending? **Hell no!**

**u/OldnBorin** (329 points)

Maybe they’re modelling for a photographers ad?? I hope?!?!
