# My cousin sent this along with her wedding invitations… I will not be in attendance.

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/ScaredNapkin  
**Score:** 20,794  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/p1gd5d/my_cousin_sent_this_along_with_her_wedding/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/UniCornOnACob819** (5,032 points)

Every other point in this card: Fuck you, fuck off, fuck this, shit shit shit

Wedding gifts: ~*maybe some money to go to our honeymoon*~ uwu 🥺👉👈

**u/Ekaterina702** (4,998 points)

That's one aggressive invitation

**u/creditnewb123** (4,681 points)

One can’t help but notice the abrupt change of tone in the ‘wedding gifts’ section.

**u/Hita-san-chan** (3,829 points)

I get it's supposed to be a tongue-in-cheek kinda joke.. but my god tone is important! "Check your child at the door" or "you know we get good food, dont worry about it" would be kinda funny. This is just mean spirited

**u/buttertits4lyfe** (3,645 points)

So much cringe. Trying far too hard to be cool.

**u/__WanderLust_** (2,461 points)

And then they're all like:

"Give us money for the honeymoon, okay thanks 🤗☺"

**u/ravencrowe** (1,670 points)

r/justlearnedthefword

**u/MermaiderMissy** (1,452 points)

"Leave your stupid fucking kids at home 😡"

"You're a fucking fat ass eat whatever we give you"

"I-if you w-want to give us a gift, we would love some money for our honeymoon pwease 🥺"

"Just Google the directions you dumbass"


This fake edgy crap isn't even funny it makes you look like a fifth grader who is trying too hard to look cool in front of a bunch of older kids.

**u/Hita-san-chan** (1,436 points)

It's the only specific part of the invitation *and* the only part not telling me to go fuck myself lol

**u/WarmAppleNight** (1,194 points)

She sounds like the type of person who owns a shirt from Hot Topic that says "I DON'T DISCRIMINATE, I HATE EVERYONE EQUALLY"

**u/IdlesAtCranky** (1,170 points)

Dear Cousin:

I disrespectfully decline to attend your trashy shit show. I don't fucking feel like leaving the house to watch you get fucked up and shit to celebrate your Eternal Bondage.

So instead I will be parking my fat ass on my comfy couch with some frozen pizza, and binge watching *Drunk Duck Hunters From Florida Say Some Shit They Think Is Funny.* I figure it will be about the equivalent experience. 

Love,
Your Cousin, the Fat Fuck

**u/Livingeachdayatedge** (1,149 points)

They didn't ask money, just contribution. A pack of condoms will do.

Edit- Thanks for award.

**u/PugGrumbles** (998 points)

Why is it so fucking hostile?

**u/goutgirl** (906 points)

I never understand this kind of thing. We get it, you’re the cool couple who doesn’t care about formalities. It’s just so aggressively far over the line.

**u/Berger_Blanc_Suisse** (837 points)

Yeah it’s really disappointing because they could have kept up the stupidly aggressive facade - “Give us cash. We don’t need your uncoordinated asses who can’t figure out how to click a ‘We ordered this’ button getting us 20 sets of cutlery”.

Edit: Spelling.

**u/YouVacuumInReverse** (763 points)

Bar
“Pay for it you cheap fuck”

**u/ana_conda** (725 points)

The rest of the invite: "fuck you, fuck off, fuck your kids, you fucking idiot"

The gift section: "oh a gift? 🥺👉👈 for us? pls give us money, that would be so perfect 😇😇😇"

**u/AhsokaBolena** (718 points)

The dietary restrictions one in particular is so OTT because it's like... sorry people might need to know what you're serving because some foods will make them sick or worse? Speaking from experience, anaphylactic reactions are not fun! How unbelievably tacky

**u/ButterscotchOk8112** (690 points)

I don’t get why people think swearing is so funny.  I mean I have nothing against it.  It’s just not particularly clever or funny.

**u/federal_prism** (689 points)

Subtlety is becoming a lost art

**u/rollcroc** (573 points)

I don't hate it.  It wouldn't stop me from attending.  I would have higher hopes for an open bar.

**u/AseresGo** (503 points)

Dear cousin,

I’m afraid I won’t be able to attend due to safety reasons. Wouldn’t want to cut myself on all that edge.

You have a lovely time though.

**u/WaytoomanyUIDs** (497 points)

Yeah, should have gone with "We're having a luxury honeymoon, so cough up the cash, fuckers."

**u/ScaredNapkin** (496 points)

No the invitation was somewhat normal. It did however say it was “a invitation to our eternal bonding” which I thought was a little odd

**u/Wort123** (445 points)

Well now someone needs to show up butt naked...
