# This woman worked a wedding and accidentally ruined the mother in laws white dress.

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/SpicyHashbrowns  
**Score:** 15,762  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/msbmym/this_woman_worked_a_wedding_and_accidentally/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/MoreThan2_LessThan21** (1,627 points)

The last sentence made me smile

**u/ihrie82** (946 points)

Just wanted to say a big FU to my MIL who wore white and told her daughter to too. Fuck you both Nancy and Bethany!

**u/brownsnake84** (901 points)

Task failed successfully!

**u/DonnaNobleSmith** (582 points)

Sometimes the planets align.

**u/imankitty** (532 points)

I thought she "accidentally" ruined it, what an amazing incident.

**u/chlocatt** (517 points)

Same!! This is one of those moments with a complete stranger where even if you’ll never see them again, youre friends forever because now you both have this great story to tell about the other person &amp; wish them nothing but the best in life because of it

**u/Cricrew** (388 points)

Yeah, fuck you Nancy and Bethany!

**u/butchyeugene** (333 points)

This should be a an on call service. Mother in law shows up in a white dress and clutches the groom in group photos like they are Jack and Rose from Titanic? 

Call them up and someone will show up and "accidently spill wine" on her. 

Always on call, shows up within minutes! I would be on call for something like that hands down.

**u/Mandolele** (309 points)

It's so weird that I was watching on mute and could still tell she was from the UK. Just saw the £ and went woo!

**u/shaun20000** (235 points)

Fucking Nancy what a Bitch

**u/Land_of_Kirk_** (197 points)

And don’t even get me started on Bethany

**u/AngelBosom** (177 points)

Right? It made me happy.

**u/Midi58076** (174 points)

I could be paid in skittles to show up to a wedding with a huge jug of red wine and "accidentally" spill it over non-bride women in wedding gowns, and I don't even like skittles that much. 

I also read about a wedding where MIL showed up in a white wedding gown and maid of honour put chocolate frosting on her chair. So MIL walked around with chocolate smeared on her arse for the whole wedding and wondered why everyone was snickering and taking pictures of her from behind.

**u/Ducatirules** (139 points)

I’m a middle aged pipefitter, father, biker, and I know only the bride wears white!!!

**u/ThatGuyNamedKal** (121 points)

I remember the time I was at a new dentist surgery after moving and I get in the chair and the dentists assistant walks in and it's none other than the bride from the last wedding I had done (photographer).

I'll always remember the awkward, "so how're the happy couple getting along?" and she responded deadpan "he cheated on me and we're divorced". Big fuckin' yikes. I keep my mouth shut now if I recognise former clients.

**u/RoscoMan1** (116 points)

Sometimes you have to build some kind of diorama

**u/shit_poster_69_420** (114 points)

Same situation, I feel like I could lipread her accent

**u/titiagomei** (108 points)

Wait a sec, so was he still your husband when the waitress insulted him? Or was it just a playful thing? If it was an insult, were you glad that the waitress was commenting on his weight?

**u/xombae** (86 points)

They know too, they're often doing it on purpose to try to steal the show. My boyfriend's mother behaves like his jealous ex girlfriend around me and I would totally expect her to wear white to our wedding just to try to outshine me in photos. There's a whole subreddit about these kinds of in-laws.

**u/omnomnomnomatopoeia** (84 points)

Yeah this is...red flaglike lol

**u/last_slice_o_cake** (83 points)

Yeah I feel like the general rule is not so much “no white ever” as it is “just make sure no one can mistake you for the bride at a glance.”

**u/roseturnip** (82 points)

LOVE this story! Nobody wears white except for the bride. PERIOD.

**u/LaLaLaaaNotListening** (79 points)

Haha, my husband's cousin wore a white lace dress to my wedding. I'm a photoshop/lightroom pro. In EVERY SINGLE photo I posted online her dress was a disgusting puke green. She was not happy about it 🤣

**u/Mandolele** (77 points)

It was the mouth movements. I'm in my mid 30's still going through my teenage goth phase and couldn't tell you the first thing about fashion. I'm from the UK (London born, now in NI) and I still haven't listened but would put money on her having a Northern English accent.

Edit: haha finally listened, and I owe someone a quid, she's not as Northern as I thought (my guess would have been Newcastle!) but I'm rubbish at placing accents!

**u/TohaHeavyIndustries_** (74 points)

It's often just small details that are very specific, but normally below the threshold of your attention. 

It's often the makeup and fashion. Every country has its own specific makeup and fashion trends and if you're a hairy dude like me, who will wear everything as long as it hides your shame and fits over your fat bottom, you don't ever actively need knowledge of those topics, but you still just take it in via your surroundings, without ever realising it.
