# I can’t decide if this is tacky, or brilliant. I wouldn’t have been able to pay enough $$ for someone to be willing to distract my MIL.

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/glass_heart2002  
**Score:** 13,347  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/okiqq9/i_cant_decide_if_this_is_tacky_or_brilliant_i/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/DarthSamurai** (2,345 points)

This was posted elsewhere and a woman commented that she contacted the Craigslist ad bc she thought her husband would be perfect for the job and they could really use the cash.

**u/Bitbatgaming** (1,459 points)

It's a brilliant idea.

**u/darkmatternot** (1,320 points)

When I read it, I immediately thought of my husband.  He is amazing at de-escalating situations and he would be fantastic at this. He deals with my crazy mom all the time for free.

**u/TiredinTN79** (863 points)

It's definitely tacky, but also probably completely necessary.

**u/[deleted]** (717 points)

Honestly that's sort of lovely that she thinks her husband would be good at this?

**u/Raida7s** (655 points)

It's brilliant.  One Of my directors at work has the task, as a bridesmaid, to spend a friend's wedding managing the bride's Aunt.
Any voice raising, crying, drama, tacky conversations - she was there to avoid the Aunt running the wedding.  Yes she would have liked to enjoy the wedding, but she preferred as a bridesmaid to be treated to help the bride with the issue.
Three hours she spent keeping an eye on this lady, including walking her into other rooms to de-escalate stuff and shut in the toilets for 20 solid minutes while she fake-cried.

**u/DarthSamurai** (556 points)

She was saying her husband has a really great personality and that he was totally on board to keep the MIL occupied during the wedding.

**u/Ikmia** (539 points)

I acted this way for my bff for her wedding with her mil. I hung out with her the night before and got her so drunk she was practically docile for the wedding due to the hangover. I had a slight one the day of, but my friend appreciated the hell out of it. 

She and her family are now no contact with the mil, she's that bad. Plus, mil once did time in an insane asylum for trying to hire someone to kill her ex husband, if that tells you anything.

I kinda wish I could take this offer up, lol! I have great experience 😂

**u/gorlsituation** (522 points)

Love it. A true “throw some money at the problem” response.

**u/lizardgal10** (487 points)

This. Tacky, but that’s ok sometimes. And it’s a pretty fair deal; they’re paying and covering food and travel. It’s about as tasteful as something like this could be.

**u/glass_heart2002** (352 points)

Jesus. That sounds like a job for a hostage negotiator!

**u/electric_yeti** (327 points)

Sometimes, money is the cheapest way to pay.

**u/Texan2020katza** (298 points)

Know your enemy.

**u/chinita830** (208 points)

This is just asking to be a romantic comedy.  Netflix where you at??

**u/MK7135** (191 points)

This is also my husband, and we already live in the HV! Just asked if he wanted to do it.

**u/graciebels** (183 points)

Another poster says the ad is still active:

I was curious enough to check, and it is! Check under "gigs" &gt; "talent". And the listing us still active. But you have to let us know how it goes!

**u/Elira_the_Lock** (178 points)

I specifically invited my mothers two oldest friends to my wedding to keep her occupied. I do love my mother, but on my wedding day I’m going to need her to be at least ten feet away from me at all times. I cannot deal with her criticisms and anxiety at the best of times, let alone at my wedding.

Thankfully my ‘aunts’ have been friends with my mother since they were children and know how to manage her.

**u/Nalozhnitsa** (177 points)

My sister had a pretty awful MIL (thankfully she's now shed the cheating ex). At their wedding, I had a plan in place to "handle" her. Basically, I'd sic my Dad on her! My Dad is a very gregarious person and I knew that he would either distract her and get her laughing over something nonsensical... Or he'd drag her ass out, as quietly as possible, because the man can also put on a very effective "big scary man" face!

**u/bethsophia** (175 points)

Read this to my fiance and he said he was on board until the age requirement. He's not 40 yet and just shaved off the Covid beard so he looks about 13.

**u/siftt** (142 points)

Watch your back if she's still alive, homie.

**u/Amonette2012** (141 points)

And it would make for such a great dinner party anecdote.

**u/DreyHI** (133 points)

I need this with Meryl Streep and Hugh Jackman

**u/harpejjist** (128 points)

They could totally make a business out of it. Do it as a team.

**u/bethsophia** (117 points)

My MOH is a 7ft sasquatch and industrial welder. Who is willing to wear a dress. (I obviously can't dictate which one, it's going to be whatever he can find that he likes.) 

My dad is the person I'm most worried about, but he's not about to fuck with someone 30 years younger and a foot taller. Granted, my dad is in amazing shape for his 70s... but he's on Medicare so if he gets his teeth knocked out he's getting really bad dentures.

**u/fatalcharm** (112 points)

Please don’t ruin the lovely story.
