# No, no that's not the bride........

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/EhmanFont  
**Score:** 12,563  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/ycckwh/no_no_thats_not_the_bride/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/IHateSnow1124** (2,438 points)

'but it's not white, it's SiLvEr' 🙄

**u/Sea-Biscotti** (1,913 points)

Noooooooooo

It's not even like it's a fun party dress, that is a GOWN

Girl, no

**u/caramelsock** (1,753 points)

what it IS though, is a very unflattering dress

**u/rabbithasacat** (1,670 points)

Ugh. For the sake of poetic justice, I hope that dress felt as uncomfortable as it looked.

**u/dietokitten** (1,251 points)

Unflattering and inappropriate 🤷🏼‍♀️

Bra is sticking out, can clearly see her panties' outline, dress too tight and almost white, no class at all lol

**u/Galadriel_60** (855 points)

“Now who here ordered the extra helping of attention?”

**u/Huntsvegas97** (820 points)

The fact that she’s even wearing a floral looking hair accessory. She knew exactly what she was doing when she put all of this together

**u/The_I_in_IT** (750 points)

As my departed mother used to say “She needs good foundation garments”

**u/kombitcha420** (720 points)

And the giant white pin in her hair…Someone can’t stand not to be the center of attention

**u/SlickTommyPilates** (671 points)

Pearl-glaze white.

**u/ThiccQban** (479 points)

“I haven’t left the house without Lycra on these thighs since I was 14.” —Dolly Parton in *Steel Magnolias*

**u/AmazingPreference955** (422 points)

I think I can see her spleen.

**u/MangoJuice82** (395 points)

Is she also wearing a white flower pin in her hair, lol? wow

**u/Ango_SuperBitter** (390 points)

This is why having a full length mirror is so important. And maybe an ounce of class.

**u/fomo216** (368 points)

I’ll take “People Who Won’t Be Invited To The Anniversary Party” for $500 please.

**u/Cayke_Cooky** (311 points)

That dress needs good foundation garments.  It's one of those annoying dresses that needs it's own bra and entire wardrobe to look good.

**u/cookiequeen724** (304 points)

Is she also wearing some kind of headpiece? Or is that from the person behind her, I can't tell. I'm really shocked by how often people seem to pull this stunt in real life. I  guess there's a lot of people out there who just can't take not being the center of attention.

**u/parsleybutter** (275 points)

Jesus christ, is the body shaming really necessary?

**u/GualtieroCofresi** (249 points)

Thank god because that dress is FUGGLY

**u/destiny_kane48** (218 points)

Well that is unflattering. That's what happens when you keep your dress a secret.  No one is able to tell you it doesn't suit you.

**u/InterestingMango0** (196 points)

An important reminder to wear appropriate undergarments

**u/Miss_Milk_Tea** (188 points)

It looks like an ugly cheap prom dress, doesn’t matter what color it is, that fabric looks like tinfoil. The bra showing is especially tacky, it’s not a backless dress or something equally difficult to hide a bra, she just didn’t even try. I guess all her effort into her outfit went into making her hair as bridal looking as possible.

**u/Kristyyyyyyy** (180 points)

What the protocol on kicking guests out of a wedding at the door? 

Because if this woman showed up to my wedding dressed like this, and there weren’t some kind of extenuating circumstances… out. Get out of my wedding and go directly to jail.

**u/CuyEater** (158 points)

I mean why people do the wear a white dress to a wedding thing

**u/TheThriftingFox** (134 points)

At least their is some justice in that this woman not only looks dumb but her bra and bra straps are showing. Like girl, if you are going to try to be an attention seeking spotlight stealer, at least buy some nipple covers or a sticky bra! At the very least some transparent bra strap 🤣
