# Oh yeah, that guy Jon is coming too.

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/isaypotatoyousay  
**Score:** 12,487  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/wh4qav/oh_yeah_that_guy_jon_is_coming_too/  

---

My friend saw this sign at her hotel this week.

---

## Top Comments

**u/sratscience** (4,599 points)

Shame-worthy for the actual wedding but would be a hilarious bridal shower sign

**u/kiwi1114** (1,456 points)

That’s what I was thinking, or a bachelorette-type event.

**u/Use_this_1** (1,364 points)

Depending on the couples sense of humor this could be hilarious or an absolute shitshow.

**u/Aggravating-Corner-2** (948 points)

If it's a joke: funny.

If not a joke: Run, Jon, run!!!!

**u/isaypotatoyousay** (773 points)

Okay I asked and was the actual wedding reception venue 😂😂😂

**u/No-Marzipan19** (610 points)

Lol it's kinda hilarious..maybe that's for the wedding party/family dinner the night before. It's a small sign so here's hoping

**u/CurryAddicted** (538 points)

NGL, this made me chuckle a little.

**u/trwwy321** (409 points)

My husband was very hands-off with our wedding planning. Not because he didn’t want to get married, but more so if I asked him anything about invitation designs/venues/cake options he just looked petrified like a deer in headlights. 

He basically told me, “all you, babe…just let me know when/where you want me to show up.”

I saw this sign and it somehow resonated with me.

**u/mrmoe198** (359 points)

Exactly this. It’s so context dependent. Could be a trashy bridezilla or a funny inside joke.

**u/dontincludeme** (355 points)

Yeah better for a bachelorette party

**u/icecreampenis** (343 points)

There is a 0% chance that this is not a joke.

**u/freetree_prime** (338 points)

At least it's not "with special guest star..."

**u/Acrobatic_Lead2578** (329 points)

I think it's still funny for the actual wedding. I refuse to believe anyone could be *that* unironically awful to their own spouse irl, so it just shows that the couple have a similar sense of humor and that's cute.

**u/ulnek** (276 points)

Maybe Jon is the stripper?

**u/Good_nuff** (203 points)

When I got married, my husband wanted an actual wedding. So I told him to go for it, let me know when it is so I can invite my dad. 

We ended up having a courthouse wedding lol

**u/Minnsnow** (177 points)

Depending on the couple this could be hilarious. I know a couple that this would be cute for, but I know four that would do this but also shouldn’t be getting or be married.

**u/isaypotatoyousay** (171 points)

Same, we all cracked up. Hopefully just a joke but man, poor Jon.

**u/blumoon138** (165 points)

In that case, nooooooo.

**u/occams1razor** (156 points)

It might be an internal joke though (lets hope)

**u/StaticBeat** (153 points)

Here on reddit we just prefer to project our personal feelings onto these people and apply the scenario we find most relatable.

Jokes aside, it really *does* depend on the people involved. If the groom legitimately doesn't give a shit about the wedding and the bride does, then it's a hit. But if the groom is equally or even close to as involved in the wedding as their partner, then undercutting them is kind of fucked up.

**u/Graphitetshirt** (151 points)

It tells me that Emilie and Jon both have a good sense of humor

**u/TGin-the-goldy** (149 points)

This is clearly meant to be humorous

**u/_Witch_Dagger_** (143 points)

Yeah I definitely get the feeling it’s just a small joke lol

**u/GrooveBat** (129 points)

I agree. Assuming they both have a sense of humor, I actually think this is kind of awesome.

**u/TraditionScary8716** (105 points)

There is no *h* in Jon.  It was removed by the bride, along with his balls.

But yeah.  *Run Jo(h)n, run!*
