# Stolen from Insta...but yep, pretty much figured you guys would be the perfect audience.

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/caboozalicious  
**Score:** 12,124  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/jee1oo/stolen_from_instabut_yep_pretty_much_figured_you/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/stacasaurusrex** (595 points)

This reminds me of a wedding my friend just went to- small, under 25 people, but the bride wanted everyone to get tested four days before the wedding and take off time from work to do it, AND quarantine until the day (not go out period). Her own parents wouldn't do it because they don't believe the virus is real. WOW.

**u/Potato-Engineer** (538 points)

I am a kind and generous person, and I read this as sarcastic, self-deprecating humor.

Because I want to live in a warm and fluffy world.

**u/XxOlive** (370 points)

Pretty sure this is a joke

**u/WhatIsntByNow** (232 points)

I mean, that's the smart way to do it but yeah you can't force people to quarantine, nor would I 100% trust most people who said they did (well I just ran to wendy's for some fries, that doesn't count right??)

Edit: yes I know the truest smart way would be not to do it at all but this subreddit isn't called r/sensibleweddings

**u/DistractedByCookies** (188 points)

Definitely satire

**u/ForeskinOfMyPenis** (158 points)

Of course it’s a joke. No way you can get a decent bridesmaids’ dress for $300

**u/IShitMyPantsDaily** (138 points)

“This is a joke”

“This is satire”

“This isn’t real”

Duh. Still funny though. As jokes strive to be.

**u/howie_rules** (133 points)

Smart way to do it would be going to the court getting married on paper. Then having a reception whenever it’s safe again to bring people from all over... if you’re in a rush to get married I’d assume you wouldn’t want to kill grandma at your wedding.

**u/RuralRedhead** (81 points)

But it very obviously is

**u/JstTrstMe** (64 points)

You don't say

**u/burningriverallstar** (58 points)

Go to the courthouse? In these unprecedented times? Shit, you can get married on Zoom now.

**u/tillywhacks** (46 points)

No I literally can't imagine bc I have no idea what you just said lmao

**u/howie_rules** (46 points)

Yeah, I’m pretty sure the entire thing is likely automated and mailed in by now I’d assume. I’m just here to suck my teeth and judge strangers life choices like everyone else here as an escape from the dumpster fire I have going on over here... don’t split hairs... haha

**u/SashaDotJpeg** (40 points)

I think it needs to be said because so much satirical bullshit gets posted by reddit as truth. In this case OP def understands the humor but we're all conditioned to call it out

**u/SashaDotJpeg** (39 points)

And funny, too

**u/mariah_a** (38 points)

“I CaN’t TeLl wHaT’s SaTiRe AnYmOrE” is always the comments on the world’s most obvious satire on Reddit. Like, it’s obviously a you problem bro. Get out more and get a sense of humour.

**u/DrSomniferum** (38 points)

A joke? On reddit? Preposterous.

**u/KathAlMyPal** (33 points)

This is great...especially about the inside jokes.  Been to waaay too many weddings where only 5 people understood what was being talked about!

**u/n122333** (29 points)

I love wendys food, but damn locally they have the worst fucking employees you can imagine. Last time I tried to go a woman had cut the fingers out of her gloves so her 2 inch nails could stick out, and refused to wear a mask because "trumps abota ban em". I drove away without getting anything. 

Also the first time I ever called corporate for anything.

**u/caboozalicious** (23 points)

Yep, totally missed the chance to note it was satire before standing trial for something I thought would bring a chuckle to some people’s days...which I’m sure most of us need. Thanks for the support.

**u/pdxrunner19** (22 points)

The bridesmaids’ dress that my sister picked for her wedding cost more than my own wedding gown, and wanted everyone to attend a weekend bachelorette party across the country that would cost $1000. She had the nerve to complain about how much it cost to be in my wedding - where I paid for her dress, food, booze, hair, makeup,  jewelry, and a night at a hotel.

**u/QueenoftheDirtPlanet** (22 points)

I quarantined so hard that i had to buy a new battery for my car. 

And there's still a pandemic. I'm fucking tired of quarantine.

**u/tjbugs1** (20 points)

I have a boat

I have a dumpster

Ahh

Dumpster boat
