# Saw this on TikTok - I feel so bad for this bride

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/queenemmathe1st  
**Score:** 12,022  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/ltr7l5/saw_this_on_tiktok_i_feel_so_bad_for_this_bride/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/AnnaFreud** (2,684 points)

Please don’t marry a person like this. This is coming from someone on the side of the toxic family. I am not marriage material until i finally set and enforce healthy boundaries with my family and will not allow anyone to be hurt by their insanity and narcissism.

**u/Wohholyhell** (1,457 points)

"Show me why you shouldn't marry a mama's boy."

**u/harper_kentucky** (1,217 points)

Yes. Do not marry 'the good one' in a family full of shitty people. A 'good one' would cut them off, put up boundaries, protect their spouse...


They are not the 'good one'. They will turn into shit (and your kids into shit too if you don't get out.)

**u/monti65** (1,015 points)

That poor bride. My inlaws hated me and it gets worse not better. I wish she had been wiser and not married him..

**u/BANEBAIT** (858 points)

for real. almost gagged when I saw the white dress on the mother

**u/SparklySlothGiraffe** (655 points)

Okay so at first I was like so he is taking a photo with his family ...

Then I watched  again and was like oh no. That is definitely not okay. I do feel really bad for her.


Edit to add: 
Okay and another thing if they are Italian this is actually worse than most people might realize. Black and white in Italy is not worn at weddings. It is work at funerals. And that one girls maybe looks Italian ... and she is wearing black and white. Notice the suits aren’t black though.

**u/queenemmathe1st** (633 points)

And the mother in a wedding gown...

**u/falalalano** (625 points)

The mom in the wedding gown needs to get a bottle of wine spilled on her

**u/UnihornWhale** (601 points)

There was a post on AITA where the MIL insisted on buying an actual bridal gown when she was invited dress shopping with the bride. No one could dissuade her. After that, the bride said “Screw it” wore pink and put her bridal party in white. No clue if this is true but I hope it is.

**u/UndiscoveredUser** (467 points)

My heart hurts for this bride. I truly hope she runs and finds a better life without this toxicity.

**u/IggyBall** (458 points)

Exhibit A in future divorce proceedings.

**u/WordEGirl** (395 points)

So much truth here ... they turn into their parents!!   Speaking from experience ... I married the golden child.  He ultimately cheated, became an alcoholic, and is now married to the other woman TO the other woman!

**u/bdoggmcgee** (315 points)

Or a plate with something covered in sauce lol

My MIL wore a white dress to a wedding when she was young (saying it was the only dress she had with her) and got a plate of meatballs dumped on her by the bride.

**u/thesixthamethyst** (293 points)

This is excellent advice!  When I married my first husband I thought he was "the good one" in a family of shitty people.  His mother in particular was extremely critical of me, and strongly disliked me.  Looking back, the dumbest thing I ever did was ignore that red flag.  Eventually she convinced him I was an unworthy wife for her baby boy and when he had an affair, she seemed to be proud of him.  He had an affair for a year, and our marriage ended when I found out and filed for divorce.  Ya'll, she was *proud of him for that...*  

You are so dead on with your assessment.  They are not magically the good ones still participating happily in a full-on shitty family.  If their family is shitty, they are probably shitty too, and if they aren't shitty now, they'll probably show their shitty side as time goes on.

**u/JustAnotherLurkAcct** (247 points)

How did your parents react to this?  
I can only think of I saw my daughter being disrespected in this way I would be livid.

**u/Sunshine_Girl300** (244 points)

This month has been horrible for me as Reddit opened my eyes. I thought my boyfriend's family ruined my birthday but kind people of Reddit pointed out that he ruined my birthday as he (again!) didn't protect me from them. My boyfriend is "the good one" despite his family but ... he lets them hurt me as he doesn't even get what a normal family dynamic looks like. I thought all will be worth it in time but now I feel I had just wasted years with him as he'll always accept their toxic behavior. I don't accept their bullshit behavior anymore and I'm the one who looks evil/selfish at the end.

Context: His sister has been actively bullying me for three years. He asked her to stop but not firm enough. His mom said we'll find the solution on our own. After three years I stopped talking to her and said only "hello" and "goodbye" but that still didn't stop her from insulting me. That lasted another three years. After six years (3 + 3) I had enough when she insulted me in April 2020 on her father's 60th birthday. We haven't spoken since April 2020 and she brought me a birthday gift this February. I didn't even want to get to the door but he asked me to. I said to her I don't accept the gift as I'm entitled to an apology first. She said she has nothing to apologize for and I need to "make a step towards her". My boyfriend "broke" because "it was too hard for him that we don't even say hello". His mom said (after seven years of silence) I need to "grow up" and his sister said, "she deserves a decent hello from me". I have panic attacks when I see her or think I'll have to be around her so I think she doesn't deserve s\*\*t from me. Respect is earned, not given.

We live in their house but on our own floor because he and his family convinced me they will give us space and it was the most practical solution financially. After two years of living here, they broke the rules (don't meddle in my life and don't come upstairs uninvited) so I'm not willing to live here anymore. I think, that after seven years, I need to stop thinking about what will make him happy but finally put myself first. I told him two days after my birthday that I will not spend the rest of my life in this house. I asked him if he's willing to move away with me. After some long seconds, he said yes. When I finish my PhD and preferably get a job in that field I'll move out, with or without him. If he'd say "no" to my question, I'd move out as soon as possible on my own.

**u/SparklySlothGiraffe** (231 points)

Yeah that is what i meant by the oh no. Not okay. I realized the second time I watched. So you have a mom in a wedding dress and someone else wearing funeral colors.

**u/ItsPrettyBizarre** (228 points)

Hi I'm the bride in this video and I just wanted to take moment to respond to this since I had to delete this from TikTok due to privacy concerns since people decided to find me on Instagram and comment on photos of my children and such. 

So I posted this with zero intention of it ever blowing up since I literally had 7 followers at the time and my videos had like 20 views total. I intended for friends to see because my friends who know me - would find this funny. I also wanted to see if anyone else has horrible in laws because in the past year I have found solace in TikTok as I have found stories of people who have been through similar traumas as I have. 

Anyway - so this is a raw clip from my wedding I literally found last week. I got married almost 3 years ago. I had no clue my videographer shot in the style of "The Office" like I had JOKED about with him. Guess he really did and found it pretty funny. The fact that he panned to my face for a while during this incident spoke volumes to me 3 years later. Were there red flags? Yup. Did I see them at the time? Nope.

My husband is an only child from an Italian family. His parents were never married. This happened AFTER the ceremony. His mother's dress - OOF - yeah we were all VERY upset, but I had no clue what she was wearing. She was styled by a stylist at Macy's (I still die laughing when I think about that fact). If we had known - we would have said something. But the first time I saw this horrid dress was as I walked down the aisle. Alot of people have made comments on my TikTok that we should have kicked her out. Why? She looked like an ass and it was reflection upon her. Let her look like a fool. It's embarrassing for her not me. My husband was mortified and if you could only see his face during the mother/son dance you would clearly see it too. 

My husband was destroyed on this TikTok which was something that can't be helped. I get that. It looks bad on his end. Totally agree. I'm not in denial. But the story behind this video is we got married and we stayed behind in the church for some quick photos with the bridal party and families. I took a photo with my extended family by myself and then my husband got in the photo. If I play this clip from the beginning you will see that - then you'll see my family dispersing and the photographer asking my husband if he wants one with his family (he didn't even care to get one!!) So anyway his very awkward and weird family huddle up for a photo and I move to the side so they can get one with just him then one with both of us. This clip shows my reaction to them dispersing before including me in a photo. I was pretty taken aback and hurt, but not surprised really. They're idiots. I think the videographer was even surprised by them which lead him to zoom towards me. Anyway I did do a quick response on TikTok after this blew up to defend my husband a little bit. After his family dispersed he asked me if I wanted a photo with them (because he wanted to include me~) I was petty and said no forget it. I honestly didn't even want one with them.

My husband could have been more direct and defensive with his family. I won't deny that or try to defend him on that. But he definitely did try to include me. The comments about his mom are accurate and I will not defend those lol. He is not a mamas boy by any means. He barely calls his mother let alone bothers with her. She is possessive. No matter who he married this would have happened. 

The thing is I dated my husband for 4 years before we got married. He barely bothered with his family at all. They weren't close by any means. I knew his family kinda sucked before we got married. They weren't 'mean' people persay, they're just really weird and their personalities suck. They are a family of obligation - only getting together for holidays really. They aren't a warm, welcoming, inviting group of people. I always felt invisible around them like they forgot I was even there. I made the choice to marry my husband knowing that. It sucked knowing I wasn't gaining a family when I married him, but I mean I was marrying him not his family and like I said - prior to getting married he barely bothered with them. So I wasn't surprised they pulled this shit on my wedding day, but they looked like such assess that I don't even care. His family didn't really dance, they just sat there on their phones, his mother extended the mother/son dance behind our backs and my husband was pissed, my father made an impromptu speech and sure enough right after his mother jumped up and had to make a damn speech. Her dress was the talk of the night. 

The red flags were there, but I didn't see them. It wasn't until after I got pregnant (no I was NOT pregnant in this video - ouch) that she became my living nightmare. If I had shared the story of my son's birth people might have lost it. 

Lastly - yes this was the only family photo he took other than the ones with his parents before the ceremony. No I was not in any of them. And this is the photo I gave both of his parents for Christmas. They loved it.

Anyway thanks for letting me vent/respond!

**u/overflowingsewing** (217 points)

Looks like the mother of the groom wore a white dress to the wedding.  Also, I think it’s the grooms family posing for photos with the bride being excluded from them.

**u/LittleSisterBinx** (199 points)

Holy jeebus I’m surprised I didn’t notice

**u/the_beefcako** (199 points)

Why is he still your husband?

**u/essaymyass** (186 points)

I would have asked the caterers/wedding planner/anyone hired day of to wear white.

**u/CMD_Gunna** (185 points)

That’s messed up. Why would you allow someone to be petty towards your wife on maybe the biggest day of her life. They don’t have to like her but for them to act this way in her special day is just down right wrong and I would not have allowed my family to continue being at the function. They would have been out of there so quick. If I even got the slightest inclination that my family or even hers was slighting my wife it would be a big fucking problem.
