# Saw this on Tiktok and had to share - Mother of bride wearing bridal gown!

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/do-I-look-good-naked  
**Score:** 11,978  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/h8qvlk/saw_this_on_tiktok_and_had_to_share_mother_of/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Aminal_cracker** (2,471 points)

Yikes. Bride seems like a good sport about it at least!

**u/do-I-look-good-naked** (990 points)

In all honestly it looks like she found the whole ordeal funny, good on her for not letting it ruin her wedding.

**u/beckforddd** (889 points)

Let’s be honest, the bride looked much better tho

**u/tamirabeth** (678 points)

That seems like the best part.

**u/TheDustOfMen** (498 points)

I am quite sure it'd take me a while to forgive my mother if I'd been in her shoes.

I would forgive her eventually, since we've always been on good terms and she's my mom, but *boy* it'd take time.

**u/JoKing917** (461 points)

Even if the bride was cool with it why would you want to be this tacky? I was at a wedding where the mother of the bride wore a white wedding dress and half the talk at the reception was “can you believe her? How tacky? I hope so and so isn’t upset!”

**u/Soakl** (388 points)

Her mum also accidentally sent a picture of her dress to the husband to be in a group chat intended for Jane (CEO and founder of showpo) 

She knew months ahead of time that her mum had the white dress, if she actually had a major problem with it she would have had her change it

**u/justthatoboist** (295 points)

So I’m basically a fourth daughter to my best friend’s parents and when their eldest daughter got married the four of us made a pact to be on “wine duty” (hot chocolate for me and my bff since we are underage). It’s exactly what it sounds like. Does someone’s dress need to be a few shades darker? Oh no! Sorry, I didn’t mean to bump into you while holding this massive beverage!

**u/Geckolongbottom** (286 points)

This is Jane Lu, she runs a fashion empire here in Australia called Showpo that recently released a bridal category. She has a great sense of humour and seems like an really fantastic person.

**u/vButts** (273 points)

It might be a cultural thing. I have had to talk my mom down from wearing a short white dress to weddings so many times and she just says "we're Asian, she won't care!" And I remind her that we're in America and everyone will think she's rude, including the bride. She doesn't mean to be malicious, it's just that she forgets and she just loves wearing the color white in general.

**u/Pollypocketful** (253 points)

And not wearing an ill-fitting, badly designed dress

**u/[deleted]** (253 points)

Ok but that little butt tap was adorable

**u/changeneverhappens** (218 points)

You mean like the rant sub you just commented on?

**u/JAM3SBND** (188 points)

A 20 something year old looking better than her 50 something year old mother? I'm absolutely flabbergasted.

**u/rwilkz** (163 points)

They obviously held a whole fake wedding to make their friends tiktok post more believable

**u/Matjoez** (159 points)

Friend of mine. She runs a clothing label and they also make affordable wedding dresses. She's a great person.

**u/gorillamoran2** (159 points)

Ah! to be young...

**u/onyabikeson** (156 points)

A dry cleaning bag? Many expensive clothes are stored/transported in them, not just wedding dresses.

**u/justthatoboist** (120 points)

Only one, handled by the second eldest sister. The eldest sister is the only one who’s gotten married so far

**u/cstuart1046** (119 points)

The butt taps confirmed that

**u/o1ivi4** (118 points)

In some south East Asian countries wedding dresses are traditionally red which might explain why the bride’s mother didn’t see an issue with it

**u/maneki_neko89** (98 points)

So...THIS sub...?!?!

**u/piebinch** (98 points)

not true, those are common for any expensive dress/suit.

**u/MGTOW-Academy** (97 points)

Haha that sounds awesome, how many “uh ohs” happened while you were on duty?

**u/Soakl** (96 points)

The couple own an international fashion company, they aren't hurting for cash.
