# What a hilarious prank! /s

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/HazelKathleen  
**Score:** 11,908  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/hile3v/what_a_hilarious_prank_s/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/hawkcarhawk** (2,536 points)

Right before my wedding, literally moments before I walked down the aisle, my brother decided it would be hilarious to pull me aside and tell me my husband got too drunk in the hotel and is still there throwing up. I immediately panicked, almost started crying, until he said “hurr hurr just kidding!”. I’ll never understand why some people think those kind of jokes are funny.

**u/redditlafs** (905 points)

Holy shit what an arsehole!! There's no recovering from that when it's the freaking night before hour wedding!! I hope the groomsman was kicked out of the wedding and the bride calmed down!!

**u/NoMrBond3** (710 points)

That's so cruel! I'm so sorry

**u/jemmo_** (573 points)

OP said in a reply that the groomsman was removed from the wedding party but still attended the wedding.

**u/cheezie_toastie** (514 points)

I've always wondered about the root of this kind of humor. Is someone else's pain funny? Is the punchline that someone else suffered? I heard someone call this "whimsical cruelty".

**u/Evaguess** (452 points)

You need to know who you're pranking and what kind of prank is acceptable. When one of my brothers got married, my family photoshopped his face into this super short tanned muscular guy wearing nothing but thongs, typed "babe, now that we're married I can let you know the real me". It was delivered with their breakfast the day after the wedding by the hotel staff. It was clearly fake but my SIL still took a while to understand what was going on and why he would send her that until she remembered pulling pranks on weddings is one of our family traditions. I was told she had a laughing fit and they still have the picture.

When my other brother married... no pranks were pulled. He was the family prankster, but his now wife hated pranks of all kinds. It's her wedding as well as his, and our family wouldn't want to do anything to ruin it, so we avoided pranking even him just in case.

**u/[deleted]** (325 points)

When I was getting ready  for my wedding with my family/friends, they kept joking about the groom not showing up and me being stood up and left at the altar. Needless to say... I was paranoid and miserable up until just before the wedding. 

I ended up texting him an hour before the ceremony going "Hey, we still good for today?" He sent back "Today and the rest of our lives ;)"

I thank God for him!!!!

**u/Kellyjb72** (313 points)

My sister’s bridesmaids decided it would be funny to hide her dress. not me, I was the MOH but was only 13 at the time.  Due to lack of budget, my mom was doing most everything, including food and getting the reception area ready. She was not amused and probably cussed them in the church.

**u/jemmo_** (263 points)

This is the kind of thing one of my husband's stupider friends would consider doing. The difference is that even he would realize the absolute nuclear apocalypse that would ensue, first from me, then from hubs and the rest of their friends.

**u/bboymixer** (257 points)

I'm guessing that's no longer a friend. I'd love to be a fly on the wall during that conversation though.

It reminds me of when I got engaged, and my depressed alcoholic mother texted my sister to tell her the good news. My sister replied, "That's not all, congratulations grandma!" *Implying my fiance was pregnant and it set off a shit storm. Years later she still doesn't understand why my fiance and I got so mad.

Edit for clarity

**u/et842rhhs** (233 points)

My theory is that for *some* people who do this, they don't necessarily find other people's suffering *funny*, but they want people to suffer for whatever reason (envy, insecurity, etc.), and the only way they can "get away with" causing this suffering is by framing it as a joke.

**u/bboymixer** (231 points)

My mom, being a depressed alcoholic, got really excited about the prospect of a grandchild. When we got home, and had to explain it that no, fiance isn't pregnant and no child was planned for years, it was very devastating for her. She was really upset and thought we were messing with her, "Why would (sister) say if it's not true?"

Of course my fiance and I got really upset with my sister, and the entire trip was filled with "are you over it? It's just a prank bro."

**u/huixing_** (204 points)

And that, my friend, is why I will be having our bachelor/bachelorette parties any time other than right before the wedding haha

**u/MercuryMadHatter** (197 points)

We specifically didn't invite people we knew would get really drunk and try to prank us. Threats of wrapping the going away car in all manner of things (we took a Lyft to the hotel suck it!), stealing and hiding significant things, etc. 

Eventually they realized we were serious, and begged us to let them come. But naw man, you burned that bridge when you couldn't even take the conversation seriously.

**u/cheezie_toastie** (196 points)

If my bridesmaids were laughing at my anxiety the day of my wedding they would no longer be in my life.

**u/yeahbert** (186 points)

I have been reading a bit about narcissism and apparently some people (who don't have to be"real" narcissists, just show some traits) have a hard time accepting that something is not about them and try to force their way in by pranks etc to at least gain some kind of control.

**u/TheDustOfMen** (177 points)

If a friend of mine pulled that shit, then I'd definitely kick him out of my life. There's a difference between doing a prank, and just being a prick.

**u/NearlyOutOfMilk** (167 points)

Your wife goes into labour, and you're sat helpless in the waiting room because she doesn't trust you to be in there without doing something stupid like playing "hide the doctor's medical tools" or "got your placenta".

Suddenly, more doctors and nurses rush past you into the room with a defibrillator. You're freaking out.

*"What's going on?!"*, you ask one of the nurses, who tells you to stay put. You're locked out of the room, not sure if your wife, your child or maybe both their lives are on the line.

Minutes pass that seem like hours. Your nails are chewed to the point your fingers are stinging, your shirt sticking to your back from all the nervous sweat. Finally, a doctor emerges from the room. You stagger to your feet, but the doctor stops you.

*"JOCkERbot9000, I'm so, so sorry... Your wife, we did everything we could-"*

Your heart sinks. Your head throbs. Your lungs struggle to take in air just as your brain struggles to comprehend the loss of the love of your life.

*"The baby?"*, you manage to whimper.

The doctor begins to talk, but after you hear "stillborn", you fail to take any more in, as you stare through tears into nothingness. You bow your head in utter devastation and turmoil. 

Suddenly, you feel and hand on your shoulder and a presence in front of you. As you slowly look up, you see a smiling woman. She looks like your wife. You're in disbelief - is she an angel? Was this all a bad dream? She leans in, and whispers into your ear... 

*"lol gottem. I wasn't even pregnant you cuck."*

All the doctors and nurses walk out of the room and your wife high fives them one-by-one as they laugh at you. She begins to follow them out-

***"WHY!"*** you scream after her. She turns around slowly and responds, 

*"This was for your own good."*

**u/Bobgodzillaross** (155 points)

Those kinds of jokes are just never funny

**u/FlyingNerdlet** (148 points)

That's way worse than I thought it would be. The way you wrote it in the first comment, I thought your sister was announcing *her* pregnancy.

**u/meatfrappe** (142 points)

I got married right on the edge of a dock overlooking a harbor. Apparently my groomsmen had plotted a prank: They had swapped out the real wedding rings for two cheap fake ones (I think they were washers, actually) and put them in one of those ring boxes that haas the snap open/shut top. The plan was to have the best man take the box out of his pocket at the point in the ceremony where the rings we called for, then carelessly pop open the ring box in such a way that the fake rings ejected out, over the railing of the dock and into the ocean.

They chickened out at the last minute.

I kind of wish they had done it. My wife and I would've found it hilarious.

**u/Tieger66** (132 points)

right? stag party a few weeks earlier, so if there's any injuries or problems they're all sorted. the last night before my wedding was great too though, all the family that were staying overnight got together in the hotel bar and we had a bit of a party there, me and the soon-to-be wife got a few congratulations from complete strangers, it was nice. 

would've been horrible to get married the day after my stag... was absolutely knackered from the go-karting, and full of curry and beer....

**u/babysnakes88** (123 points)

My FMIL and SIL pulled a bunch of weird pranks on me at their own husband/fathers funeral! 
It was after that I decided we would elope and not be having a wedding for reasons like this.

**u/ImNotBoringYouAre** (119 points)

I was best man and had the ring in my breast pocket. I went to grab it and couldn't find it for a hot second as it was under a fold of fabric and my hands were clamy. During this time my mind was racing and I thought I had dropped it under the runner carpet I had helped roll out and would have to pull it back to look for the ring mid ceremony. Luckily I found it after a few seconds, but it k
felt like am eternity. I got many a compliment from guest that I pulled the prank off perfectly. I made sure the bride and groom knew it wasn't a prank and I wouldn't do that.

**u/nomadicfangirl** (104 points)

My male cousin got told about 10 minutes before the wedding by a groomsman that the bride left. (She had not.) He burst into tears. Why do people do this shit?
