# You’re probably wondering why this is shame worthy. Well how do you feel now that you know she was ***NOT*** the bride

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/Ladeboobop  
**Score:** 11,876  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/ek8k3i/youre_probably_wondering_why_this_is_shame_worthy/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Greenfairy79** (2,789 points)

Excuse my language but are you fucking kidding me? 

I’m normally chill with the whole white at weddings thing (eg I don’t see the big deal with a white knee length linen dress but I digress). If this isn’t a wedding dress then paint me red and call me an apple.

**u/frankmusings** (1,309 points)

It’s not just the shade, or the length, or the shape, it’s ALL those things combined! How come this person didn’t have this thought cross her mind: “Hmm... my dress reminds me of an actual wedding dress. Will it be proper to wear to a wedding that’s NOT mine?”

The only explanation is just plain narcissism.

**u/Ladeboobop** (1,143 points)

That’s why it’s so shocking! There’s no way you can explain yourself with this one

**u/ComfyInDots** (775 points)

I'd send the guest home. I wouldn't care if it was a close family member or friend, GTFO with your disrespect.

**u/jsoliloquy** (726 points)

My pearl-clutching hand is fully engaged.

**u/Greenfairy79** (711 points)

I just don’t get how anyone in western culture (where white is traditionally worn by a bride) can think this dress is ok for a guest.

**u/OldnBorin** (509 points)

Hmmmm, maybe I can just wear my wedding dress again to this wedding, save money

**u/Tammytalkstoomuch** (368 points)

My issue is not so much with the colour, as it is with the fact that you have the choice to wear ANYTHING, like ANYTHING else. And you choose white. Even say, floral with a white background - fine. People who wear pale yellow and it photographs white, bad luck. Choosing to wear the ONLY unacceptable shade - I can't feel like that reflects well on them. It's not the dress, it's the principle. There's a little rant that you didn't deserve, want or need, but it feels good to get it out 😂

**u/LunarMeow** (333 points)

Time to fill your glass up allll the way with red wine and trip over something on your way over to say hi

**u/Munchkinpea** (318 points)

Or mother of the groom...

**u/sluttypidge** (283 points)

You're nicer than me. My best friend would totally trip into her carrying red wine.

**u/StrangeDrivenAxMan** (280 points)

selfish entitlement

**u/Bapho-metric** (249 points)

Again even regardless of color this is very much in essence a wedding dress style. With the embroidery, lacy bits and what not.

**u/Anacrisis** (246 points)

what the fuck??? you could literally go down the aisle in that dress. I really hope she was kicked out for the sheer audacity and rudeness

**u/ZappyKins** (236 points)

Yes, a friend of mine was going to her first same sex wedding years ago and was asking my advice.  She wanted to wear a really nice white dress (more cocktail than wedding) and it was too grooms so she thought it would be fine.

Fortunately, she asked my advice, and I explained it was a really bad idea - even without a bride, and to wear the colourful one that was her backup.  She reliantly agreed. 

A few days later, she called and rejoicingly thanking me.  Turns out, as I said they might, one groom wore a black tux, and the other a white tux.  Her colourful dress turned out super popular and everyone wanted pictures with her.  

She also realize what a huge faux pas white would have been.  She took me out for tacos as a thank you.

Moral of the story:  Even if there is no bride, do not wear white to someone's wedding, unless it is preapproved with the couple.

**u/iamreeterskeeter** (230 points)

10 bucks.  Mother of the Groom.

**u/ComfyInDots** (210 points)

I'd actually consider the wine spill to be the gentle option. If she was that bold and brazen then she'd need the embarrassment of the bride/MOB/MOH publicly asking her to gather her purse and coat and leaving immediately. Other guests can stop and stare, watch the commotion, but Karen here would be swiftly removed and she'd know damn well why.

**u/mikally** (205 points)

I'm thinking there has to be a story.

This woman has to feel slighted in some way. She has to be an ex-gf or ex-wife or something, right?

**u/LordyHoardy** (203 points)

I've photographed a wedding where the mom of the groom, wearing a dress quite similar to this, but in black, said to one of her sons, "if only you weren't my son" as they danced together on the dance floor.      

I was beyond creeped out.

**u/Lillianrik** (200 points)

On my laptop monitor this dress reads as a cream-pale gold color.  But still looks too "bridal" for a wedding the the USA for my taste.  But beyond that; let's imagine the dress is a teal or navy, or violet color:  it still wouldn't be appropriate for any wedding except a very, very formal, white tie event.

**u/MYHAUNTEDPOCKET** (192 points)

My husband's aunt did this to me at our wedding while going on and on about how we need to "keep dating, never stop dating each other". She's now divorced and we're still married. Also, my dress still has red wine stains on it.

**u/53045248437532743874** (186 points)

&gt; There’s no way you can explain yourself with this one

I knew a gal who did this. She was close to suicidally depressed and was always talking about not wanting to grow old and die alone. She wore a dress like this and went to a wedding in the crazy hope that some guy there would see her and magically think "oh wow she could be my bride" and she'd get married. It was an act of desperation, and probably mental illness. She did meet a guy a few years later, her first boyfriend ever, they were hot/cold for a few months and then he left. She committed suicide a few months later. I have no idea what this woman is thinking, but a picture like this doesn't make me angry, but sad.

**u/Bathan06** (184 points)

She is the Decoy bride (S)  in some cultures, the steal the bride, and the groom has to pay a ransom to get her back!

**u/AffectionatePanic** (175 points)

Jocasta... I'd call her out, ask if she's hoping to join in her son's wedding night too. Or if her son is gonna pull her garter off with his teeth.

**u/picklemonster1** (174 points)

Lol the color doesn’t even matter, if it’s in the white/cream/off-white/ivory family it doesn’t get worn.
