# photographer shaming a guest

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/jbpink6  
**Score:** 11,849  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/hqqmk4/photographer_shaming_a_guest/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/cora-sn** (2,344 points)

Yeesh, this is super inappropriate, there are wedding photographers for a reason, why do guests feel the need to take it upon themselves to photograph

**u/Blazzee-Pie** (1,268 points)

This is why you see a lot of couples who decide to put out signs that say “no phones” or “unplugged ceremony ” or “ Please let our photographer do what we hired them for so you can enjoy the ceremony”...and without fail a lot of people still ignore this and film/photograph the entire thing.

This also isn’t about the photographers skill, they take a lot of photos... so of course if someone gets in the way they’ll move, but this moment might have been the one the bride would have loved the most.

**u/whatsthestitch** (870 points)

We went to a wedding last year where one of the older aunties was filming the entire thing on her iPad. Like bumbling up and down the aisles, getting up close to the altar, staring at the screen the whole time instead of watching the ceremony. And they had a professional videographer! I just don’t understand this—why film it to watch back later if you’re not even watching it when it’s happening live in front of you?!

**u/johnmcdracula** (751 points)

Ugh. I hate this so much. The only photo I have of our first kiss has someone leaning into the aisle with their phone right in the middle.

**u/nomester3** (474 points)

I totally agree. In this case the shaming is deserved. They didn’t name the guest, nor show their picture so I don’t see what is wrong here. I want a phone free wedding as well, and you better believe I will be chewing out that guest if they do this at mine! They’re the ones who are being ignorant!

Edit: my goodness people, I never said I was going to yell at them during the ceremony. It’s something that a look can resolve, or sending over a bridesmaid or groomsmen can help with. I would peek before I go down. Also when I talk to them after I would be saying something, it’s my wedding so it’s my right to voice how I feel (I wouldn’t be a complete witch about it) Especially when there will be a sign there asking people to put their phones away, and my minister will be announcing no phones just before we start walking up the aisle.

**u/eltibbs** (444 points)

Apparently someone live streamed my entire damn wedding on Facebook and I had no idea she was doing it. Fucking ridiculous. I have so many professional photos with her and her damn phone.

**u/sk9592** (442 points)

And if you actually want to watch it back later, you can get a copy of the *professional* wedding video that the couple is paying to have shot instead of the crappy iPad version you shot.

Honest question, does anyone ever go back and watch a video recording of a wedding ceremony that isn’t theirs? It reminds me of those who take videos of fireworks. Do you actually think you’ll go back and watch that?

**u/spraguethewhisperer** (405 points)

I 100% agree with the photographer here. I don’t think it’s shaming so much as it is a PSA for those people who are oblivious. My main question is, that’s the bride’s dad?!

**u/amandabelen** (395 points)

Yes! I saw one really kind way of asking everyone not to take photos without bringing down the mood. Right before the ceremony, the officiant had the couple pose and smile and told everyone to take one last photo, then put phones and cameras away so they could fully enjoy the ceremony without distraction, and let the professional photographers capture the moments for later.

**u/HowYaGuysDoin** (298 points)

When my wife and I had our first kiss, her annoying fucking neighbor who was sitting near the front reached and grabbed her shoulder to give her "good vibes" or some dumb shit. I never even met the woman, yet her arm is in our first kiss photos. I don't even know her name.

**u/kcl086** (208 points)

I’m team photographer for this one. If I get married again (first time was before the age of smart phones), I will pay a decent chunk of change for a good photographer. If crap like this ruins my pictures, I’ll be pissed.

**u/Riflemaiden1992** (173 points)

Probably because she needed to feel important

**u/chemg11** (173 points)

Yeah I agree with the photographer. If I get married I don’t want anyone taking pictures of the ceremony but the photography. I’ve been to weddings where people don’t silence their phones and take pictures, clicking and all.

**u/amenobabe** (168 points)

If you want to send it to me I can probably remove it for you!

**u/picklemonster1** (162 points)

One major issue is the guests ruin the moments walking down the aisle, so it should be asked of them before the bride ever walks out.

**u/Blazzee-Pie** (157 points)

It doesn’t make any sense to me, was holding the phone up the entire ceremony bringing this person joy?  People need to learn to live in the moment better!

**u/surprisedbanana** (154 points)

I always wonder why people do this. Concerts, parades, shows, weddings, so much is missed to create a crappy recording that will never be watched

**u/EatsCrackers** (130 points)

If he was 25 when she was born, then she's 25 now, he's only 50.  Some guys look young as heck just anyway, and I gotta believe the general joy of the occasion takes a few years off, too.

**u/SatanJChrist** (124 points)

You gonna pay for magic.

**u/thelittlebird** (124 points)

Girl you can take pics at other times, just not during the ceremony. It’s totally possible (and acceptable) to pose for a couple pics after the ceremony/during the reception/before the thing kicks off. 
Wanting a bomb photo of yourself has nothing to do with not messing up someone’s ceremony by whipping out a cellphone.

**u/661714sunburn** (120 points)

Yes they do we had three signs made “no phones” for our wedding last year and when we got our photos you can see people still using them and ruined some really good shots that I now have to pay extra to have photoshopped out.

**u/ocg1999** (100 points)

Photoshop does magic.

**u/10S_NE1** (97 points)

Also vacations.  I have spent so many hours on vacation looking through the lens of my camera instead of actually enjoying the experience of being where I am.   It’s important to cherish the moment instead of spending all of your time thinking of your next shot.

**u/SolarisReginae** (94 points)

Yeah, ours did this. We also had a dj that took photographs as part of his package who made the announcement as he started "I have a camera so don't worry guys, you can all actually enjoy this reception and dance, just take some pictures of the first dance if you wish because you have a better angle from down there for that one". It did work plus we have some AMAZING Pictures from the dance floor.  Our official photographer was a good friend of mine as well so this allowed for them to enjoy the reception as mostly a guest. Win win

**u/mooseythings** (93 points)

I’ll never understand having a tablet outside of your house, except for children. It’s so bizarre seeing people take photos with a massive ass iPad at amusement parks and stuff. At this point, nearly everyone has a phone with as good of a camera that doesn’t require a backpack to carry
