# I’m a wedding photographer and I have to shame this.

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/throwthrowthrow713  
**Score:** 11,653  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/ww2cy7/im_a_wedding_photographer_and_i_have_to_shame_this/  

---

Animals in wedding.

I’ve seen dove thrown in the sky. I’ve seen the “horse carriage “ trend. I’ve seen decorative parrots.

But this summer, I’ve been disgusted by this new company that sells “quality wedding butterflies”

I was made aware that there would be a “butterfly release” when the couple would leave the church. In my head, there would be a big cage/aquarium full of butterfly and they would open it. But no.

Butterflies were kept in a cake box. Mother of the bride opened the cake box and smaller, butterfly shapes boxes were inside. The boxes were tiny, so it was clear the butterflies were trapped with no possibility of movement. How cruel. Mother of the bride gave one tiny box to every member of the wedding party.

Then it hit me. We’re in the south, it was burning out outside. It was impossible to survive in this heat and...well all the butterflies that were probably sitting in a box in the car since this morning were dead. 

When everyone opened their butterfly box, they either fell on the ground or stayed lifeless in their boxes.

Seriously how is this thing even legal.

Edit: I don’t know who this Asia is so I’ve looked up the video and.. . Well yeah. That’s basically what happened.

The wedding was butterfly themed ( cupcake, colors, etc) and I thought the bride liked butterflies enough to know better.

---

## Top Comments

**u/StrangeAsYou** (3,891 points)

My friends had the butterflies 15 years ago.  On a harbor cruise wedding. Cue seagulls. 

It was horrifying.

**u/PookSqueak** (3,093 points)

My cousin did this for her wedding 10 years ago, also in a hot place in the south. They opened the (obviously too small and lacking air holes) box for the butterfly release at the end of the ceremony and… nothing happened. 

But instead of realizing their mistake and leaving it at that, they turned the box upside down and shook it, resulting in a massive pile of dead butterflies on the bride’s skirt. 

Absolutely horrifying, I’m shocked this is still allowed.

**u/eighteen_forty_no** (2,534 points)

Going to go update my contract rules right now "no glitter, no confetti, *no fish, no bird releases, no butterfly releases"*

**u/GulfCoastFlamingo** (1,237 points)

Yes to all- had a bride who signed all the paperwork once, agreeing to no live animals, but then thought she found a loophole when the company she hired to deliver her cake set it up on top of an acrylic square base, filled with fish. Basically a cake on top of an aquarium…. That was filled with tap water. Cue cake cutting over dead fish in the tank.

**u/bitysis** (1,182 points)

Can’t we just stick to bubbles?

**u/ZippyKoala** (957 points)

What a way to start your married life, with a box of dead butterflies cascading down your dress…

**u/FartsFartington** (864 points)

I went to a wedding in the midst of covid— pre-vaccine.  It was very strict, masks required, everyone sat 6 feet apart, no reception.  

But then they handed out bubbles and we were like, “you want us to pull down our masks and breathe all over the bride and groom?”

**u/RusticRootbeer** (853 points)

There's actually a great episode of Bob's Burgers where the restaurant caters a frugal wedding. They all have dead butterflies too and the ceremony is windy, once released they all quickly wisp out to sea in an instant. [Hilarious](https://youtu.be/gaAgHraOhVM)

**u/kiss3dbyfire** (642 points)

Finding Nemo vibes

**u/Fight_the_bastards** (588 points)

Well, hey, the contract said no *live* animals, the fish were dead!

Loopholes!

Also, fucking horrible and disgusting. Untreated tap water is basically a death sentence for fish.

**u/hartleigh93** (572 points)

They should have used a bubble gun/machine! Creates way more bubbles and no need for people to blow spit at you!

**u/dietokitten** (557 points)

Wow, shame on them.

That's animal cruelty, I don't know why anyone would want to kill and hurt innocent creatures on their wedding day, or any day for that matter. Some people refuse to use their brains and hearts.

**u/Kodiak01** (557 points)

We had a butterfly release.

We did not pay for it.  It just happened.

Mid-September New England outdoor wedding.  Behind the chuppah there was a large bush.  Out of nowhere mid-ceremony, a mass of butterflies flew out of the bush and went off into the ether.

Unfortunately, I didn't get to see it until the video many months later.

**u/kiss3dbyfire** (541 points)

Can we talk about fish in decor too? Not okay!

**u/LastWildAngel** (535 points)

I assume they mean those horrible betta fish vases people sometimes use as table centerpieces. Those things are way too small for the fish

Edit: betta not beta

**u/FourCatsAndCounting** (490 points)

Couple years ago a couple had 100 pure white doves released for their wedding which were swiftly captured by the locals because, hey, free squab for dinner.

**u/AlpacaOurBags** (486 points)

Seems fitting for someone who thought they needed living creatures as props but failed to treat them like living creatures and treated them like toys they could just keep in boxes until they were ready to use them instead. 💁‍♀️

**u/steveofthejungle** (468 points)

Hahahaha I’m sure this was horrifying as a guest but right now I’m cracking up at this Alfred Hitchcock wedding

**u/T00kie_Clothespin** (457 points)

Ok even if they weren’t dead that sounds tacky as hell. 

Just makes me think of [Disco Stu](https://m.facebook.com/rockbottomsimpsons/videos/your-fish-are-dead/247511292632281/)

**u/Gabriellemtl** (438 points)

It’s giving me « Asia O’hara during Rupaul’s drag race s10 finale » vibes 😔

**u/KathrynTheGreat** (395 points)

Why on earth would you want your wedding cake on top of a fish tank? That is one of the strangest things I've ever heard.

**u/NeedACountdownClock** (388 points)

**MINE!!**

**u/carolizzy81** (360 points)

As a florist I have been at a fish wedding. I picked up the vases they rented after the party. Some fish dead, some poisoned with alcohol. Bride made no arrangement for what happened to these animals after the party. I had to explain to some guests that the very tall vases were rented. A few fish went home with guests. When asked what to do with the rest the bride wanted me to dump Betas in a northern Illinois pond. We took a couple home for my kids. I did not stay around to see what happened to the remainder

**u/EatsPeanutButter** (350 points)

I wish I had known this years ago! I was waitressing at a strip club and a bachelor party came in with a minnow in a water bottle. They were going to have the groom drink it. I felt so bad for that little fish, so I stealthily swapped water bottles and put him someplace safe. Brought him home around 4am and put him in a big bowl of tap water until I woke back up later in the morning, when I was going to find a safe place to release him. He jumped out while I slept and died. I found out it was due to oxygen levels, iirc. I felt so bad. I tried to save the little guy!

**u/Woodit** (347 points)

No the theme was seagulls, the butterflies were incidental
