# I would be divorcing my husband too if he tried this cake crap on me!

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/shortbutsweet_77  
**Score:** 11,562  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/s39f4f/i_would_be_divorcing_my_husband_too_if_he_tried/  

---

“Dear Prudence,

I got married just before Christmas and am hoping to be divorced or annulled by the end of January. Obviously, that wasn’t the plan originally, but …

I never cared about getting married, but I wasn’t opposed to it. So when my boyfriend proposed in 2020, we decided to go for it. We each took on about half the responsibility for organizing the wedding, but I think I was pretty reasonable about compromise when he really wanted something. My only hard-and-fast rule was that he would not rub cake in my face at the reception.

Being a reasonable man who knows me well, he didn’t. Instead, he grabbed me by the back of the head and shoved my head down into it. It was planned since the cake was DESTROYED, and he had a bunch of cupcakes as backup.

I left. Next day I told him we were done. I am standing by that. The thing is that over the holidays EVERYONE has gotten together to tell me I should give him a second chance. That I am overreacting because of my issues (I am VERY claustrophobic after a car accident years ago, and I absolutely panicked at being shoved into a cake and held there). That I love him (even though right now I don’t feel that at all), he loves me, and that means not giving up at the first hurdle. I don’t want to, but everyone is so united and confident in their assurance I am making a terrible mistake that I wonder if they are right.

—Give Him Till February?

Dear Till February,

Everyone’s sure you’re making a mistake, but they’re not the ones who have to wake up every day with a man whose behavior massively turns them off. You are. So you only have to listen to yourself. I think what he did was a red flag about not respecting you and your wishes—to say nothing of the physical aggression—but even if it wasn’t, the fact that you really didn’t like it is enough. Make a mental note about which of your loved ones don’t seem to value your happiness, and continue with your divorce.”

---

## Top Comments

**u/overthera1nbow** (3,768 points)

This makes me so sad

**u/shortbutsweet_77** (3,664 points)

Same. She asked for one thing and he couldn’t respect that? And it wasn’t a spur of the moment thing either.

**u/Available-Ad-8773** (1,914 points)

its not even a cutsey splat of cake on the nose, HE SLAMMED HER HEAD INTO IT AND FUCKING HUMILIATED HER.

**u/Frosty-Cook-483** (1,870 points)

I was very clear with my husband that if he did anything other than nicely feed me cake, it would be instant anullment. He's not the kind of guy who would anyway, but I wanted to be clear. 

One of the worst parts about this was he could have seriously injured her! Often wedding cakes have wooden dowels in them to hold the cake upright. People have nearly lost eyes when others have smashed their faces into cakes!

**u/Wistastic** (1,844 points)

"...and held there." Ok, that got me riled up.

**u/Korazair** (1,684 points)

And very few people realize how dangerous this is. Most fancy cakes contain skewers that are hidden to support the weight of the higher tiers. You can literally kill someone by smashing their face into the cake, especially enough to destroy the cake.

**u/Tzuchen** (1,140 points)

And what he did was *so much worse* than what she asked him not to do. Did he think this was cute, like a teenager planning some malicious compliance bullshit? It sounds like he was trying to assert himself as the one in charge of their relationship in the worst possible way. 

She's right to divorce his ass.

**u/ichliebespink** (943 points)

A friend playfully smashed my face into a cake. Normally I would think something like that is funny. What he and I did not realize is how THICK cake and icing are. My roommate had to carry me into the shower to wash out my clogged nose and throat. My friend apologized so much and everyone at that party learned to never do that, even to a willing participant.

**u/bookluvr83** (882 points)

He didn't just NOT respect it, he found the worst, most aggressive way possible to violate her only boundry.

**u/Actrivia24** (878 points)

I honestly love the response a lot. It’s short, sweet, and to the point.

“Everyone else can kick rocks because they’re not the ones who have to stay married to that loser. Divorce his ass.”

**u/shortbutsweet_77** (770 points)

Oh, didn’t even think of that! The dowels!

**u/banana_assassin** (723 points)

I saw a horrible video of that once. Not a death, but a cake skewer to the face.

It's no joke.

**u/taxi212001** (711 points)

&gt;and held there

Not only slammed her head into it, he held her head in it.  Whenever I see crap like that I worry about them aspirating.  Or with cake, support sticks being in then.

**u/Wereallgonnadieman** (688 points)

Some bake shops also hold tiers together with wooden sticks. There have been cases of them ending up in people's eyes because idiots do this shit.

**u/ToraRyeder** (621 points)

Holy fuck. 

I get that putting some icing on your partner's nose can be funny and cute, but couples talk about that beforehand. If the agreement was to not put cake on her face, why the HELL would anyone EVER think that this is okay? 

And screw those telling her that she's overreacting. They're invalidating her feelings, thoughts, and infantilizing her by thinking they know better than she does. These "it's just a joke" people can fuck right off with that nonsense.

**u/shortbutsweet_77** (583 points)

I imagine a discussion with his groomsmen that got waaaaay out of hand. “Nah, I know she said not to do it but it will be hilarious and she’ll love it! Go for it mate!”

**u/wiltylock** (582 points)

I work as a paralegal, and our firm handled a case for a kid who shoved his friend's face into a tiered cake and lost an eye. Never ever ever do this.

**u/MamieJoJackson** (518 points)

100% spot on. He went out of his way - made specific plans - to show her how little of a fuck he gives, and he did it at a place and time where he thought she wouldn't be able to walk off so easily because of "the implication" or whatever. He doesn't know her at all, he doesn't respect her, and he told her loud and clear that her wishes don't matter. She expresses a specific boundary, he bulldozes like an asshole, and I doubt this is the first time he's done that. Her family and friends need to mind their damn business and back way up, because this was very likely just the straw that broke the camel's back. They don't know anything and their meddling pisses me off just as much as her husband's bs.

**u/HappyLucyD** (510 points)

Claustrophobia aside (and I am EXTREMELY claustrophobic) can you imagine being in your dress, hair, and makeup, and having THIS done to you?!?? Unless this is up your alley, it would completely ruin absolutely EVERYTHING about your wedding day! You’re now sticky, miserable, possibly with stained dress, hair a mess—there is no way this could be looked at in any way other than deliberate assault. I’m so outraged for her!

**u/sittingonmyarse** (483 points)

I took all four of my sons aside (and former SIL) and said that in no uncertain terms were they to do anything other than gently feed her a piece of cake. She’s spent a ton on a dress and makeup and hair - how dare you start your marriage be demeaning the person you supposedly love? None did.
ETA- one of the reasons that I am low contact with the DIL from hell is that her family thinks it’s perfectly fine to smash a kid’s face into the cake - even a 1year old!

**u/squishpitcher** (468 points)

It’s every red flag in one spectacular act. In front of an audience.

Fuck this dude. She should divorce him and tell everyone who tried to convince her to stay to get fucked.

**u/AndromedaGreen** (428 points)

I told my husband I didn’t want to do the cake smashing thing. He said “ok” and that was the end of it. 

And you bring up a good point about the dowels, holy crap.

**u/Ciniya** (418 points)

There was another person in the same boat. Bride let groom have free reign over much of the wedding, brides literal ONE request was no cake in her face. Groomsmen said groom was whipped and should do it anyway. He did. She said nothing but packed and left

**u/PatatietPatata** (318 points)

For someone who has never decorated an elaborate cake I've watched a fudgeload of cake making/decorating videos, impaled skewers are the first thing that crossed my mind.  
Yikes.

**u/123OTTandme** (316 points)

“She asked me to not rub the cake in her face… so I’m going to rub her face in the cake HEHEHEHE”.
