# I would die if this happened to me.

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/PNWolf5  
**Score:** 11,532  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/i0w2fi/i_would_die_if_this_happened_to_me/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/SiljaInWonderland** (2,474 points)

r/trashy 

That woman is just awful! And that outfit... to a wedding... Crist!

**u/AlternativeRutabaga** (1,958 points)

“I don’t want to hear my son is human”

But seriously hats off to literally everyone already prepped to deal with this absolute nonsense...

**u/procivseth** (1,569 points)

The idea you are in control of gifts you gave!  Yeah it's her dress now.

**u/StrawberryCreamCutie** (1,188 points)

"That dress you're wearing, I PAID FOR!"

Maybe you should have bought a dress for yourself, first.

**u/StrawberryCreamCutie** (1,079 points)

Unsurprisingly, the wedding guests seemed prepared to deal with Judy's shit. 

How long until the poor bride has a saga on /r/JustNoMIL

**u/notexperiment626** (849 points)

Man, how can you even continue on with that happening? I feel so bad for the bride and groom.

**u/sweetfire009** (789 points)

It’s possible that wearing shorts was some sort of power move to be disrespectful.

**u/withbutterflies** (605 points)

Yep, he has flaws.  A BIG one seems to be a shrieking harpy of a mother .

**u/batisfaction** (540 points)

The way her face goes from smiling to just drops is so sad. Mama can't stand that everyone has flaws... including her son.

**u/I_am_AmandaTron** (492 points)

Watch the second video the way she grabs his hands at the end it's very endearing,  you can tell she really loves him.

**u/girlwhoweighted** (490 points)

I would have been very tempted to rip the dress off and hand it back to her. I do not have that woman's nice body but I would have been very tempted because I am that spiteful

**u/pottymouthgrl** (486 points)

Where is the second video?

Edit: Aw I found it. Yeah the way she grabs his hands ya can tell they’ve been through it a million times before. He’s just so beaten down but she’s there for him. Fuck Judy


https://www.tiktok.com/@srags13/video/6854947002526993670

**u/dldppl** (484 points)

Her supposedly perfect son needs to stand the fuck up to his very casually dressed mother

**u/TherealShrew** (456 points)

“I don’t want to hear my son has flaws...what’s that mean?”

**u/DraftyElectrolyte** (456 points)

Or at least anything that resembles you’re the mother of a groom. 

Her shorts and bad attitude speaks volumes.

**u/juniper_berry_crunch** (455 points)

I feel fairly certain I could cobble together a wedding-suitable outfit (maybe with a little tailoring on my sewing machine) for under $20 (minus shoes) from my awesome thrift store. There is no excuse to show up in shorts.

**u/kat_d9152** (439 points)

Oh man. Hopefully they limit contact. 

Seems like hubby is on his wife's side. Instead of saying "Momma, be nice, please" and rushing to Mummy he stood with his bride and pretty much immediately went to "you can leave." So there is hope for the couple yet. This seems like a guy who won't tolerate his mother pushing around his bride. 

Man if I was registrar I would be so tempted to repeat the flaws line and put in a joke "including the really large and noisy one wearing shorts and a Hawaiian shirt to your wedding"

**u/AlternativeRutabaga** (428 points)

She is obviously PISSED her son is not marrying her

**u/FluffySarcasmQueen** (422 points)

I think I can top this. My step sister wore cut-off sweat pants - torn , with a safety pin holding the hole together - and a dirty t-shirt to her mother’s (my step-mother’s) funeral in the middle of January. 


Why?  Because her sister and I had gone shopping the day before to buy suitable clothes for the funeral and didn’t buy her anything.  She claimed that we should have taken her and paid for new clothes for her because she was poor.  But she had money to buy pot and a case of Mountain Dew and Doritos for the night before the funeral to party with her friends. 


I was embarrassed to be associated with her and avoided her at all cost.  It seemed so disrespectful to her mother and also to my father.  She told anyone who would listen that we refused to help her and all she had “clean” was this outfit that looked like she had slept in it.  I guess she showed us,  huh?

**u/SkaterChickSwagg2000** (397 points)

She wore shorts to a wedding?

**u/SweetSoundOfSilence** (387 points)

I need to call my MIL and tell her how much I love her. 
Holy crap

**u/WanderTroll1** (358 points)

I feel like people saying they love their partner and all their flaws is pretty standard vow stuff? Like it’s not something crazy or unheard of. This lady is bonkers.

**u/al3x_ishhH** (350 points)

I honestly though that was this sub and I was fucking READY to read her PoV. There's no way that husband is in the fog anymore. Whole fucking family was up and ready and telling her to stop. Like to be that crazy? Daaamn

**u/zafirah15** (307 points)

I don't think the son was in the fog at all, he also told her to leave. He might need to shine up that spine a bit and not be quite so passive, but he does seem to be the voice of reason with the way he pulled his wife back so she didn't end up just slapping Judy over here. She certainly looked ready too.

Also, I very much need to see part 2 of this, as the text in the corner implies there's more to this disaster.

**u/HBBride77** (282 points)

waiting for part 2
