# Invited to my niece's wedding under false pretenses

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/Typical-Cheetah70  
**Score:** 11,387  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/ye6cey/invited_to_my_nieces_wedding_under_false_pretenses/  

---

Drove over 600 miles to attend my niece's rehearsal, rehearsal dinner, wedding, reception.  (Thought it odd that I was invited to the rehearsal/dinner.  Then I found out why).  

Was told by my sister (the mother of the bride)  "somebody has to drive mom" the apx 70 miles from her place to the rehearsal - and back.  I ignore the warning signs.

Of course, mom will only ride in her vehicle.  Whatever, no  worries  - &amp; no issues Friday.

Now comes Saturday - wedding day.  Mom is supposed to ride with my other sister and her husband. I am driving by myself in MY vehicle to the wedding - then staying at a relatives close by.  Or at least I thought I was.

I get a phone call that my sister and her husband, (who were going to give mom a ride), had to take off early - and mom didn't want to leave early.  That left me to drive mom -  (and of course, mom will only ride in her vehicle).  

No problem, I was assured.  My sister would drive mom back.  A ride back to my car was set up for Sunday morning.

Wedding goes off without a hitch. Fantastic.

10 minutes into the reception, I order a Moscow Mule. Mom absolutely blows up and gets in my face.  "You will NOT consume ANY alcohol - PERIOD!!  You are NOT drinking before driving me back home. You are here for 1 reason and 1 reason only, to drive me back home".

I am then confronted by the rest of my family that I should not be drinking before driving mom home.  

As the 3rd song starts to play, mom announces she is ready to leave.  I look at my sister and brother in law.  They tell me they are having a good time and to just take mom home - as I am 'the oldest' and don't really need to stay for the reception.  I knew I had been played.  600 miles for this crap.  

At that point I did indeed leave.  With no goodbyes.  And not a word to my mother on the way back.  Got her home, parked her car, got in my car, and left.  

Have not answered/returned calls from any of my family since - and have no intention of doing so.

---

## Top Comments

**u/Littleballoffur22** (3,674 points)

Damn. Good for you for now ignoring them all. What a crappy family you have. Now you know better in the future to refuse any invitations. Your mom sounds….horrid.

**u/Use_this_1** (2,423 points)

Don't blame you, your sisters are bitches for doing that, and your mother sounds like a piece of work.

**u/Typical-Cheetah70** (2,291 points)

I am actually glad I did what I did. The wedding was about my niece and her husband. My mom, and the rest of the family, would have loved confrontation because then the wedding would have been about them.

**u/madmaxturbator** (1,618 points)

And op, if you had left your buffoon mother at this wedding, you would’ve still been completely in the right. I’m sorry your family sucks ass. I would be so embarrassed to treat people like this.

**u/Justanobserver2life** (1,468 points)

I probably would have taken a shot. Or two. Whoops--now I can't drive for a while. Call Mom an Uber.

**u/erinhennley** (1,097 points)

Been there, done that. Family can suck. I once flew in from England to Florida, my mother…a nightmare…decided how nice it would be for us to cook all day Wednesday, so we could relax and visit Thursday. Ignored the red flags. Cooked for twelve hours and drove back to my hotel. Get there at 04.00, to put in turkey, they are gone. Note on the door said they packed up the food and drove to Virginia, to half sister. She needed cheering up. Sigh. No flight available until Saturday. I cheerfully do not speak to either side of my family. You might want to consider it. Peace of mind is a wonderful thing. Big hug!

**u/Remdog58** (860 points)

Yeah.  You got played.  Good for you on keeping your cool in public and not escalating a bad situation you got worked into.  

You really handled it well.

**u/Typical-Cheetah70** (851 points)

Yup

**u/Datonecatladyukno** (797 points)

You gave your niece the single best present of anyone there. You made for a drama free wedding. You are an amazing uncle

**u/217EBroadwayApt4E** (585 points)

I would have left her behind. You’re not an Uber driver. (I assume.)

**u/kiss3dbyfire** (536 points)

Sounds like your mum is a hoot at weddings

**u/Eucalyptuse** (531 points)

OP's car was at her mom's house 70 miles away so it was likely quite a bit cheaper to just drive her home than pay for an Uber I imagine. They really planned it out

**u/Typical-Cheetah70** (516 points)

I thought about it but she literally would have reported that I stole her car. Taking her back was actually the quickest way to get to my car - and get out

**u/Typical-Cheetah70** (501 points)

Sounds like I am not the only one who has embraced the gift of clarity

**u/Typical-Cheetah70** (496 points)

Being a sucker never feels great. Does it? Thanks

**u/bigbadape** (419 points)

Good on you

**u/SnooWords4839** (396 points)

Now you block them!!

They will be posting in the future, why doesn't my son/ our brother talk to us?

**u/Galadriel_60** (387 points)

I was really hoping as I was reading this that OP had left that bitter old woman with her mendacious spawn and not looked back.

**u/Ellie_Anna_13** (384 points)

You really should have left without your mother. I understand why you didn't but their behavior is disgusting. Guarantee you they would have found her a ride home that didn't include you or *gasp* they had to do it themselves! How awful!

**u/ihateusernamecreates** (372 points)

You are an awesome Uncle and wedding guest. You kept the focus on the couple and the occasion and took one for the team. 

2 of your sisters seem to be following in your Mum’s footsteps… luckily you live 600 miles away from their buffoonery

**u/Typical-Cheetah70** (332 points)

I am the oldest son.  Uncle of the bride (my niece, of course).  I have one sister who is the mother of the bride. I have another sister who, along with her husband, were originally going to take Mom to the wedding. I have a third sister who could not make the wedding. She's the smart one

**u/Foreign_Astronaut** (330 points)

Or looked them all dead in the eyes and downed that Moscow Mule in one pull!

**u/Medeaa** (308 points)

Just wow. Premeditated, banking on your good will, and a slap in the face to boot. Impressive.

**u/Typical-Cheetah70** (284 points)

Thank you.

**u/Typical-Cheetah70** (282 points)

Yup.  They are.
