# I paid for the first slice after it was announced on the day we'd be helping to pay for their cake!! Apparently didn't count for the second.

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/Unlucky_Low_6254  
**Score:** 11,087  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/pxziow/i_paid_for_the_first_slice_after_it_was_announced/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/dchac002** (4,231 points)

They reviewed the tape??? What the fuck.

**u/Guvvy59** (2,900 points)

Tell them to take you to small claims court

**u/ReallyAViolinist** (2,159 points)

I mean… I don’t know about you, but I’d rather have an extra £3.66 in my pocket than enjoy my honeymoon.  /s

**u/diorswan** (1,499 points)

It's incredibly cheeky to ask guests to pay for the cake, let alone review footage and then bill guests after the fact for £3.66! How are they not embarrassed?

**u/SamiHami24** (1,316 points)

"I paid X for your gift, X for gas to get there and back, X for clothing to wear to your wedding, and passed up an opportunity to work an extra shift in order to attend.  Subtracting the cost of the slice of cake, you owe me XXX.  Please remit immediately to avoid late fees."

**u/Mesapholis** (1,086 points)

couples who scam their friends and family together... stay together because they are equally terrible people?

**u/Unlucky_Low_6254** (917 points)

I've never heard of it before. It was quite a talking point at the wedding as the best man first announced it and then it was confirmed in the groom's speech too. Thought it was a joke but then when people were queuing for the cake people had to go back to their tables to get cash. And get this they had a card reader and we're even taking names for tabs!

**u/PoorLama** (895 points)

I would just up and leave at that point tbh. 

Here's a fun wedding planning tip: if you can't afford something for your wedding, either downsize or get a cheaper option. Don't ambush your guests for money.

**u/cynicaldreamer1** (889 points)

I'd reply with consider my gift as payment and in that case you owe me the difference...  so please send your payment of (whatever amount) immediately.

**u/PookieDear** (819 points)

God that would be glorious

**u/WW76kh** (670 points)

That's what has me the most gobsmacked. Paying per slice is tacky as well, but sending actual video feed is a whole other level of crazy!

Not gonna lie...it sounds like something my FIL would do. 😂

**u/ReallyAViolinist** (644 points)

I’m appalled that they thought this was the best use of their time following their wedding?

“No, honey, we can’t go down to the beach yet.  We still have to watch the hours of cake footage and cross-reference each person’s appearance with the contents of the payment box and all the Square app receipts.  Do you have the spreadsheet open?”

Just… what???   Lol

**u/yachtiewannabe** (583 points)

You had to pay for a slice of cake? Is this a cultural thing? Did you have to pay for other things too like chairs and a plate?

**u/GermanDeath-Reggae** (573 points)

Love to spend my first precious days as a newlywed reviewing CCTV to see which of my loved ones I can shake down for £3.66

**u/FormoftheBeautiful** (518 points)

You don’t film and then review the CCTV footage of the guests at your wedding?

I imagine you also skip the purse checks on the way out?

I suppose you’d also do without the private security firm searching vehicles with cake and money sniffing dogs as they come and go?

If none of that sounds like a normal wedding to you, then it stands to reason that you also skip the extraordinary renditions of random and select guests to be taken away to a remote location where the laws aren’t so clear, and real answers of cake consumption and remuneration can be had?

Friend, I don’t know what you do at your weddings, but at least tell me that you have children gifted in telepathy, scanning the minds of all the guests, accompanied by trained investigators, body language interpreters behind large one-way mirrors throughout the security complex within which you’ve planned your wedding?

At least tell us that you interrogate or otherwise surveil your guests for 6-48 months after the event.

At least tell us that!

Sometimes the wife and I open up our album of high-resolution satellite imagery, cross-referenced with photos from the company of private investigators to see the people who went outside to smoke, who they talked to, reading the notes, seeing the transcripts of their conversations, interviews with their friends and family.

Not a dollar was missing on our special day.

**u/zapharus** (454 points)

What is this? Small claims court for ants?!

**u/TooOldForThis---** (375 points)

“Did you see that? Does that look like 2 pats of butter on his roll? ZOOM IN!!”

**u/TravelingBride** (367 points)

I’m not sure which I’m more horrified at 1) making guests pay for wedding cake at all 2) monitoring the footage for guest consumption.

**u/TootsNYC** (366 points)

And £3.66?!
Did they ask people for exact change? Did they bring a bunch of spare change?
I mean, if you’re already rude, just round up.

**u/TheHoly_Coast** (361 points)

I would 100% not do anything to have to pay for things at someone's wedding. Helping to pay for things before hand,for family or a friend,sure. I'd happily contribute to someone trying to put together a wedding. Being told day of that we as guests have to help cover the cost of your event? You can fuck right off. ( that's at least what it sounds like to me )

**u/spin_me_again** (355 points)

And you know someone’s Auntie paid for ten of them because she wanted to slip them some cash. That cake was well paid for and this request for additional money seems more like the couple is shaming the person for eating 2 pieces. I can’t imagine having anything to do with that couple ever again but I’d absolutely send them a 5£ note that said “never contact me again.”

**u/FromUnderTheWineCork** (347 points)

If you can't afford a £500 wedding cake, you need to take your self down to Aldi (or whatever UK supermarket) and get a damn sheet cake or two.


Rice Krispy treats are on my dessert menu before guests-pay-per-slice is on my dessert menu!

**u/GlitteringGarbage162** (342 points)

Very, very small claims…

**u/derbarkbark** (303 points)

I am also super intrigued by how they determined the cost of one slide of cake. I feel like most wedding cakes don't get fully eaten so is it the price of the whole cake/how many promised portions? Or did they estimate that only X% of the cake would get eaten so they adjusted the cost? Do children get a discount?

**u/tn_notahick** (262 points)

They charged for cake? WTF?
