# Making fun of corona and BLM at your 200+ person wedding. Yes this was the only time anyone wore masks

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/amish1998  
**Score:** 10,953  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/i2bmu5/making_fun_of_corona_and_blm_at_your_200_person/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Ashesoflove** (2,815 points)

Marriage lives doesn't even make sense. Wouldn't it be married life matters?

**u/cocaine_eyedrops** (1,674 points)

Yes. They managed to be both dumb and offensive. The number of shitty things they achieved in one photo is somewhat impressive.

**u/lets_do_gethelp** (1,621 points)

Yeah, that's going to be one of those photos that comes back to bite them in the butt when half their wedding guests test positive.

**u/cacainthesky** (725 points)

Imagine the bridal party sitting and making those stupid ass signs giggling to themselves the whole time. Or even worse, the bride sitting up the night before the wedding making them herself since that handwriting all looks like the same. Like, this is what we wanna put our energy in to sis?

**u/BrilliantBanjo** (619 points)

I hope this will be one of those photos used as a primary source when teaching children about this period in time.

**u/featherfeets** (467 points)

I wonder how many of the attendees will test positive in 2 weeks?

**u/LadyKoraline** (381 points)

Why does the bride’s mask look like she’s wearing a diaper on her face?

**u/letsgolesbolesbo** (357 points)

This right here. The energy these people put into being hateful, I will never get it. Imagine making your wedding about putting down a whole race.

**u/nowaymary** (318 points)

I really hope so. The sign says Covid won't stop them so I look forward to seeing them carry on their daily lives with a deathly illness.

**u/tofuqueen1** (272 points)

I'm not surprised, just disappointed

**u/LadyEdith1** (269 points)

"Marriage lives matter"

TIL no black people murdered by the police have ever been married.

**u/sallyspectral** (244 points)

Whoever made those masks did an awful job. There are no pleats so the sides are gaping open.  I guess that doesn’t matter since they are just “joke”masks anyway. God these people are losers.

**u/frostfromfire** (242 points)

Now you’ve got me thinking about what pictures will be used in history textbooks to show societal reaction to covid. I think most might show lines in Costco and grocery stores when everyone was masked up (March/April when the great TP shortage occurred) but you’re right that some publishers may use photos like this.

**u/nowaymary** (231 points)

Hey people are fine with saying it's only the elderly and ill that die in front of me - a terminally ill person who takes as many precautions as I can. 
If stupid people want to treat Covid as a joke, perhaps someone they care about getting sick will teach them reality. Likely not.

**u/quickwitqueen** (208 points)

What’s with the random girl putting her leg out? She’s probably the groom’s sister that the bride can’t stand because she is always trying to upstage her. 

They probably think they are so original and quirky. I’ve seen at least twenty of these lame pictures with masks, bottles of corona and signs about their lives mattering. And they call the liberals sheep?

**u/BrilliantBanjo** (198 points)

And don't forget the "I want a haircut" lockdown protesters. They will hopefully make the cut.

**u/youreakittencat** (173 points)

I was coming here to say exactly that. I guess it’s not surprising these folks are not smart.

**u/PawneeSunGoddess** (167 points)

Trashy. Why would you want to document your stupidity and become a meme at your own wedding?

**u/JJSwagger** (164 points)

We banned a woman for saying all lives matter to our black security guard. It wasn't prompted, all he did was ask her to put a mask on. I'm so glad we banned her

**u/Fight_the_bastards** (154 points)

“Put a mask on, please”

“No! *all lives* matter!”

“Yes, they do. That’s why I asked you to put a fucking mask on, idiot.”

**u/randomquestionsariss** (128 points)

It’s so bad! 

Also I think their grammar really sucks 😖

**u/genevievemia** (120 points)

Imagine being a bridesmaid and ruining the photos by giving the photographer a death glare in every photo with these pathetic signs. Lame couple and wedding party.

**u/amish1998** (110 points)

Well one of the bridesmaids is having her own wedding that I am in. I am dropped out of it. I want no part of any of this behavior, or any of their diseases

Edit: I feel like i needed more verification that I am right in this situation. Thank you guys. I honestly feel so much better now
