# I’m all for using an uber sure but come on

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/tyldone  
**Score:** 10,904  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/i60mam/im_all_for_using_an_uber_sure_but_come_on/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/DarwinTheIkeaMonkey** (1,446 points)

I once took an Uber pool and another rider was added midway through my ride. We go to pick him up and he’s a makeup artist for a wedding and has these massive trunks with him. He had the gall to complain that I was taking up too much space in the car and he needed more room. I may or may not have told him he was an idiot for picking a shared ride.

**u/intheskywithlucy** (544 points)

What happens in life that somebody ends up that entitled?

**u/Transformwthekitchen** (537 points)

Maybe its the day to pay a few more dollars to not share lol

**u/AccentFiend** (311 points)

I have an ex friend that used to order these all the time in NYC and then gripe The entire ride that she didn’t order a pool ride even though she damn well did. I was in the car with her for ONE and then I just bought them from that point on and Venmo requested her

**u/mattaugamer** (298 points)

They go through their life thinking everyone else is rude.

**u/Allthatjasmine** (265 points)

I'll never forget the time I got in an uberpool and the other girl in the car complained that *I* would make her late for her friend's birthday party. I asked her what time it started and she said 3:00pm... We were sitting in this car at 4:30pm.

**u/Kaja8948** (229 points)

Happened to me in VEGAS of all places. 4 fat people squashed into a Fiat or some shit, worst.ride.ever. the bride was in the front, groom was in back withmyself and my boyfriend. They PICKED shared lyft,on the hottest day, to go to their wedding. Last time I took a shared lyft, thats for sure!

**u/icecreamsloth** (186 points)

But you wouldn’t have to if people just knew not to use the same Uber pool as you! It’s their wedding day! How dare everyone else not know! Weddings are expensive!

**u/[deleted]** (168 points)

She's likely describing herself and her boyfriend. People know when they're fat/overweight.

**u/RubyRoseLewds** (146 points)

So your single body and I'm assuming no bags, took up more space than his 20 (rough guess) trunks full of makeup. I mean of course, it's only logical that the person taking up the least amount of space is actually taking up the most. I'm rolling my eyes at this dude and I'm seriously glad uberpool isn't available in my area yet.

**u/ExtraMeltyToons** (118 points)

I hope she at least graciously offered to ride b\*\*\*\* and sat between them.

**u/AccentFiend** (112 points)

I’m sure this does happen, but when I tried to be helpful and pointed out that she did order the pool ride, she kept trying to hush me and told me later she does it all the time. That’s why it only happened once with me lol you shouldn’t intentionally be a jerk while trying to scam people.

**u/7asm0** (110 points)

I think people request them without realizing what they’re getting, they just go for the cheapest option.

**u/SoCalDan** (94 points)

Oh, look at Bill Gates here. I bet you get the guacamole at Chipotle too.

**u/SaffyPants** (94 points)

Its a ride share option.  You pay a lower price if you agree to share the car with strangers.

**u/keri112493** (87 points)

Thank you! Describing not ~insulting~

**u/BonnieMSM** (73 points)

You pay a lower price no matter. Honestly, though, it only saves you a few bucks. I think the most price difference I’ve noticed was $5-$10.

**u/keri112493** (73 points)

As a fat person the worst then is when you are like “I’m fat” and people are like “ohh no you’re not” “you’re beautiful” or “don’t say that.” Like I’m fat and it’s part of who I am. And I love my body at every size. Right now I eat what I feel like and sometimes it’s a salad and sometimes it’s five cookies.

Either way you can eat like trash and be fat and still have value and be allowed to take up space as a human 🤷🏻‍♀️.

**u/Soaliveinthe215** (67 points)

Dude the difference between uber pool and uber x is usually like 5 bucks less lol

**u/Araucaria2024** (58 points)

I really thought this was going to be about renting out a pool in someone's backyard, and thought "damn, uber is just into everything now".

**u/ZombieSazza** (56 points)

Exactly, one of my friends calls herself fat all the time, not in an insulting way, she’s just describing what her body build is, that she’s fat.

She’d much rather be honest with herself as she had a lot of fake friends in the past who lied to her about her weight, now she owns it, got rid of the fake friends and is eating a lot better.
