# As much as I do love weddings, a part of me agrees with this

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/suckmyduck29  
**Score:** 10,737  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/ixwph7/as_much_as_i_do_love_weddings_a_part_of_me_agrees/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/username37419** (1,135 points)

This needs to be normalized as ok. I mean if you want the big wedding, go for it but there shouldn’t be pressure put on people to have big weddings if they don’t want too or can’t afford too. No one should go into debt over a wedding. My first wedding was big and expensive but it was within my parents budget.

**u/DanceswithCrows** (420 points)

Instead of having a wedding, we bought a car so we could travel to work. You know, set yourself up for success.

**u/Someweirdgirl2** (335 points)

I think we need to normalize having weddings within your means. I don't understand going into debt for one day of your life. I feel like we've put so much pressure on people to have these extravagant weddings that literally no one else will remember the details of. I get if you want to have a reception or party to celebrate but don't take out second mortgages or unneeded loans to do so.

**u/Knerdian** (233 points)

I would love to see culture shift away from weddings and onto anniversaries, honestly. No more huge celebration at the "start" of a relationship. Instead, let's see these huge bashes happen at a 50th anniversary. *That's* when you party and spend the money you've saved up to invite your whole family. Make it to 25, or 10 years? Smaller party to acknowledge the occasion, but nothing outrageous because you're still looking forward to the future.

I feel like this would have lots of lovely ripple effects, such as placing value on aging relationships instead of putting such pressure being YOUNG and IN LOVE and THE MOST BEAUTIFUL BRIDE EVER. It would also mean that not everyone holds such a celebration, so it normalizes the choice not to throw such big receptions. And given that couples would most likely be more established and have time to plan their celebration, there's a longer chance to save money in a responsible manner and feel comfortable with the price tags attached.

**u/sammiehurst** (203 points)

I’m having a hard time with the cognitive dissonance of not wanting to spend all the money on what is basically just a party (my partner and I have lived together for years and are not religious so there won’t be a huge difference in lifestyle after we’re hitched), but having been basically brainwashed by decades of Say Yes to the Dress and the David’s Bridal lobby to want MY SPECIAL DAY

**u/Luna_Soma** (135 points)

I love weddings, but I’m sick of people acting like this one big party is some magical and life changing event. For most women, it’s just an excuse to be the center of attention for the day, and in many cases, nothing changes but your last name and you wear an extra piece of jewelry. There are now so many events surrounding the wedding and so much buzz and craziness that it’s too much.

I understand it’s different when it’s a religious ceremony, but while it’s happy and exciting, you didn’t accomplish anything.

Edit: My first Reddit gold! Thank you so much! You seriously made my day.

**u/Mars-For-The-Rich** (99 points)

The 2 best weddings I ever went to were when my buddy married his now-wife at their house with just the officiate and 6 guests, and the same couple celebrating their 5 year anniversary with a re-wedding with like 200 people because by then they could afford it.

**u/Elizabeth_Sparrow** (95 points)

Good for her! I wanted a small wedding. My family made it clear I wasn’t getting a small wedding. Thanks to COVID I now get my small wedding :)

**u/IShitMyPantsDaily** (94 points)

Do we need everyone to do what this tweet recommends? Absolutely not. Should people be shamed for doing it if they choose to? Also absolutely not. That’s what normalize means. I hope we can get there some day.

**u/SparklySlothGiraffe** (64 points)

They can still have a religious ceremony and not have the crazy expensive ridiculous reception. I think that his what they are getting too. 

I say let’s normalize people having the wedding they want. If they want small or big. And let’s normalize not felling the need to spend a crazy amount on weddings. I work in event production and i think some of it is ridiculous.

**u/stephelan** (59 points)

I do love weddings but it would be nice if this was an okay and normal option for some.

**u/DanceswithCrows** (58 points)

Holy crap. Blowing more than $175 on a second wedding is just stupid.

**u/kamsait** (58 points)

Eh. For some people weddings are also religious ceremonies and not just legal documents. So eliminating it for everyone doesn’t really work.

**u/suckmyduck29** (53 points)

I'm not saying that weddings should stop all together. I think the stigma that you *need* to have a big flashy wedding should stop

**u/mrsfiction** (51 points)

$250 a PERSON?? Are you serious??

**u/THROWINCONDOMSATSLUT** (51 points)

Agreed.  My SO and I actually did something of this sort by signing the wedding papers under self solemnization in 2016.  We didn't tell anybody but his brother, and the whole purpose behind that was to let him know that our "engagement announcement" was right around the corner.  He had been with a girl for 13 years that he was planning to propose to, so we wanted to give him the chance to be the first one. 

To this day the only people that know are our friends and my SO's siblings.  We had the full big wedding thing to appease our parents (my parents paid - it ended up being a revival of my mother's wedding in the end anyway).  And I'm so glad that we kept it a secret, even though it's really such a stupid thing to be kept hidden.  My SIL ended up doing the same thing as us.  She only recently told her parents, and they're *pissed.*. I mean the freaking woman already had a baby with this man and is having another surprise pandemic baby with him, but the fact that the big wedding day is "ruined" is too much for them.

**u/kamsait** (50 points)

So, correct me if I’m wrong, you’re saying let’s get rid of the sense of obligation people have to have large events?

If that is the case I’m fully behind that.

**u/nay198** (48 points)

Or can’t afford to. The amount of people who are ok with a couple going into 5 or 6 figure debt for a wedding is WAY too high.

**u/letsgolesbolesbo** (45 points)

Got married by a pastor in a park for $125.

**u/Pm_me_baby_pig_pics** (42 points)

Our wedding was so fucking cheap it was unreal. I would have *loved* to have a huge lavish wedding with the catered dinner with the rsvp cards to indicate what entree you’d like and the seating charts, but life decided nah, you’re gonna have a cheap wedding and you’re gonna like it.

It was both of our second marriage. And a month after our wedding we were packing up everything we owned and moving across the country and buying a house. So that’s where our money went. We didn’t even register for gifts, because two complete households combining, what could we even register for?? We already had two of everything, we gave away and donated so much stuff before our move it was unreal, we didn’t need to pay movers to ship two toasters, two microwaves, two sets of silverware and plates and some ugly expensive linens when our cotton sheets are just fine, and still people were offended that we didn’t register for gifts. Like just come watch us kiss each other on a stage in our fancy clothes and in return we’ll feed you cake, that’s literally all we’re asking, no more than that.

7 years later the one wedding gift we got that was a “we didn’t know what to get so we à pooled our money and got you this” is the xbox my husbands department at work got us as a wedding gift. I laughed so hard when we opened it because that’s just an absurd wedding gift but it was also so perfect and 7 years later we régule fire that bad boy up and go to town on call of duty together. 

Normalize rational weddings. If you want and can afford that big lavish wedding? Get that steak or swordfish entree! Don’t want to spend money on it? Let your guests eat a sheet cake and everyone loves it! Courthouse because no fuss? That judge in their robe is the perfect attire! Let’s go out and I’ll buy you a drink whenever we’re all free!

**u/morganalefaye125** (39 points)

Don't forget spending thousands of dollars on a dress you will wear precisely once, for a total of maybe 30 minutes. I hate weddings and the pressure families and friends put on people to make it "the greatest day ever". It's about being married to your best friend. Not the wedding itself. People are nuts and this is the best idea ever.
