# That woman on the left is not the bride...

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/lumpysweaterboobs  
**Score:** 10,679  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/mknf9a/that_woman_on_the_left_is_not_the_bride/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/lumpysweaterboobs** (889 points)

Found the post in the wild on my FB this morning, so I’m not sure if the woman’s relation to the couple, but I would be PISSED if someone showed wearing a wedding gown to my own wedding.

**u/danidexter** (756 points)

Yikes

**u/lumpysweaterboobs** (664 points)

She made a CHOICE to wear that dress. This wasn’t an accidental “maybe my sundress was a little too white,” that is a straight up GOWN.

**u/quietlycommenting** (633 points)

It absolutely baffles me that people do this. I’d rather they wear pyjamas.

**u/cmacfarland64** (515 points)

My best friend for over 30 years had his little sister getting married. I went since I’ve known her my whole life and consider her family. 4 different women wore a white dress. I was shocked. I thought people knew not do do that shit.

Edit:

I’ve never had 7 upvotes before. This is a ton. Thanks people. Now what the heck do I do with this?

Edit 2:

First award!  Thanks all!

**u/anonymousonlooker123** (372 points)

I love that expression! Do these women not realize that wearing a wedding gown - when they’re not the bride - only makes them look pathetic? No one attending a wedding where a woman pulls this stunt is going to think charitable thoughts about the woman.

**u/FixMyCondo** (335 points)

People know that this is highly offensive and inappropriate.  And yet, they still do it!  Why?! It’s 100% intentional.

**u/_slagathor_** (294 points)

What? The important information the OP knows- the lady in the wedding dress is not the bride. Beyond that does it really matter?

**u/Super_Cheese_Me** (286 points)

Nooo that's so bad. Who is she? Mother of the bride/groom?

**u/quietlycommenting** (261 points)

Agreed. It’s repulsive. And probably cost her more than just buying a normal cocktail dress

**u/hailbopp25** (258 points)

I genuinely didn't know this was a thing when I was 19 attending my first wedding.

 I asked my best friend at the time to help me choose a dress for the reception, she gave me one of hers - a lace white dress knee length with a black belt. 

It's one of those memories you only remember at 12am when you can't sleep and are horrified at yourself. 

The "friend" who gave me the dress ended up cheating with my ex so I am convinced it was a sabotage plan.

**u/justalittlestupid** (232 points)

It’s still attention! The best revenge was that woman who found out her MIL was going to wear a white dress so she told her whole family to wear white and she wore pink.

**u/tacoboutit-** (226 points)

Woof. I wore that actually dress to my actual wedding.

**u/lumpysweaterboobs** (220 points)

Not sure who she is, but from another photo it appeared she was near to the front, so maybe at least somewhat important?

**u/EleventeenCandles** (194 points)

I think some do it as a sort of 'power move' over the bride.  Always seems to be the mother in law that pulls this shit, too.  

Obviously it never works and the woman just looks old and pathetic.

**u/mydogsbigbutt** (181 points)

I don't believe people who do that don't know what they're doing

**u/Billy420MaysIt** (177 points)

Oh no baby!. What is you doing?

**u/AsAGayJewishDemocrat** (132 points)

This might just not be the subreddit for you

**u/hoboshuffle** (128 points)

Looks like she wanted the chance to re-wear her own wedding dress to someone else's special day and thought she could dress it down but didn't whatsoever...

**u/thenperish323** (117 points)

It doesn't matter if OP knows exactly who this is, the point is, the woman is NOT the bride. That's literally all we need to know

**u/sarlasar** (116 points)

Wedding guest rule #1: don't wear white
Wedding guest rule #2: don't fuck the groom

It's not that hard
