# Trashy Reverend's wife (not even a guest)

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/unperrubi  
**Score:** 10,660  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/nqenaw/trashy_reverends_wife_not_even_a_guest/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Sham_Pain_Renegade** (2,137 points)

She looks like she went out to check the mailbox, somehow got lost on the way back and ended up wandering in to a neighbor’s backyard, where they just so happen to be having a wedding. 

“Ah, fuck it, guess I’ll just see what this is all about then.”

**u/jemmo_** (1,344 points)

Yikes. When we got married, our officiant's husband had to come to help with her mobility limitations, but they both inquired about the dress code and he stayed very much out of things once she got settled in place.

**u/SarahInLaLaLand** (1,236 points)

OP, did she get the photo fixed? I could do it for her!

**u/unperrubi** (1,039 points)

Yes, she had a lot of good edits!

**u/jungleunkraut** (1,014 points)

Her husband is the reverend. This isn't the first time she's been in this situation. Yet, no lessons learned.

**u/JessicaFletcher1** (942 points)

Even if she was dressed appropriately and looked happy, I wouldn’t want a stranger in my wedding photos. Especially when it is clearly a very small wedding, so everyone else it likely family or a very close friend!

**u/oooSMOKIEooo** (726 points)

wholly crap that third one is amazing!

**u/[deleted]** (619 points)

For my wedding, the minister’s wife acted as the “director” and got everyone down the aisle in order and on time.  She also sat in back of the church and was dressed appropriately.

**u/unperrubi** (576 points)

[Here are some](https://ibb.co/album/K0C1xQ?sort=date_asc&amp;page=1&amp;params_hidden%5Blist%5D=images&amp;params_hidden%5Bfrom%5D=album&amp;params_hidden%5Balbumid%5D=K0C1xQ)

**u/moronwhodances** (573 points)

I’m thinking she enjoys this level of shit-stirring. Some people have such a knack for being inconsiderate, that it can’t possibly be accidental.

**u/bst722** (494 points)

&gt;they both inquired about the dress code and he stayed very much out of things once she got settled in place.

I feel like that's what any reasonable human being would do. Regardless of whether or not OP's officiant's spouse planned on being in pictures, she absolutely should have worn appropriate attire, just in case. Even if she weren't intentionally in pictures (like if she were in the background) at least she would've blended in with appropriate attire. Instead she sticks out like a sore thumb in this purple shirt.

**u/moronwhodances** (452 points)

“I can’t walk away now, that would ruin the photos.”

**u/luckystar246** (359 points)

Can you post the edits? I’m curious to see how it was fixed

**u/Revwog1974** (336 points)

It’s traditional in U.S. weddings performed in a church or by the family's pastor to invite the officiant's spouse. The spouse should have the manners to either dress appropriately or decline politely.

**u/coltbeatsall** (336 points)

She is standing at the edge of a row and wearing trackpants/sweatpants and an awful shirt and shoes. It is completely normal for the photographer to take candid shots during the wedding - that is part of their job. I would expect a minister's wife to know better. Turning up in clothes most people wouldn't wear to out dinner let alone a wedding is definitely shameful IMO.

**u/JessicaFletcher1** (334 points)

Candid photo are often the best photos! 

Also the situation with your father is clearly different. He was part of those couples wedding days, and they wanted to take a photo with him.

**u/theoriginalgrapist** (332 points)

Omg the third one with her creeping around a tree 🤣🤣🤣

**u/fan_of_the_fandoms** (323 points)

One of the benefits of getting married by a Catholic priest-no wife haha!

**u/sunshine_rex** (279 points)

My brother in law married us, his wife made my wedding happen.  I had no idea how much work a wedding ceremony was, I am so grateful my SIL is a wedding pro after being a minister’s wife for 25 years.  It was like I had hired a wedding planner.

**u/alpineflamingo2** (254 points)

Editor has a great sense of humor

**u/Manungal** (235 points)

I went to a friend's wedding years ago and there was a lady there dressed worse than this and it was a nice venue. 

She had on a track suit and no bra. 

Also it was the bride's mom.

**u/jaytys** (231 points)

Does anyone else see the guest dressed in white..

**u/JessicaFletcher1** (206 points)

If you sit in an aisle seat at a wedding, you are of course going to end up in photos. And if there are only five rows, the back row is still very close. 

I’m not sure what the colour of her top has to do with anything?

**u/JessicaFletcher1** (191 points)

We’ll have to agree to disagree. 
I don’t feel it’s controlling or petty to prefer not to have a random stranger next to me in photos of me walking down the aisle.

**u/MrsP81405** (188 points)

The ministers wife at my wedding store a long white flowy dress.  She is in almost all of the pictures!
