# 4 weddings and a cat party

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/mayanpapayan  
**Score:** 10,590  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/if8zyf/4_weddings_and_a_cat_party/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/PepsiMaxismycrack** (1,759 points)

The only way I can think of this being even remotely acceptable is if the bride is holding her wedding at the person’s home where the cats live. Otherwise that person is insane.

**u/53raptor** (1,200 points)

It's Aunt Gayle, isn't it? 

(Mr. Business has to eat every two hours, he's hypoglycemic.)

**u/IdlesAtCranky** (984 points)

Or already planning to take multiple centerpieces home...

**u/renaissance_witch** (487 points)

It is definitely crazy but just imagine a wedding where multiple cats run around or sleep on the table 😂

**u/banananose333** (405 points)

My aunt almost didn’t come to my wedding because her dog wasn’t invited. People and their pets...

**u/loudlittle** (374 points)

Use his full name! Mr. JIM Business!

**u/euromynous** (371 points)

ding ding ding

**u/batisfaction** (223 points)

I'm cackling. This poor woman. She doesn't want to be a bridezilla but "they're cats."😂

**u/thegrittymagician** (194 points)

I just learned yesterday that lillies are deathly poisonous to cats and even touching them a little can be fatal. It’s like if you saw your cat rub against one and immediately rushed to the vet it might live.

Even knowing that though, it’s like don’t touch the damn center pieces and it won’t matter. There’s so many plants that are toxic to cats. So many that I’m almost scared to own plants because my dumb cat will try to eat every single one.

**u/thekleave** (170 points)

Maybe the cats are the centerpieces? I think I remember a post a while back about someone that wanted to use puppies as centerpieces...

**u/reallybirdysomedays** (139 points)

If I tried to use one of my cats as a ring bearer I'd have to interrupt the wedding to get the ring out from underneath the stove.

**u/47190** (127 points)

Wow, you just made me remember about something I read where the bride wanted turtles with candles glued to their shells free roaming her reception venue because they represented prosperity I think? Or maybe wealth? I can't remember.

**u/YorkshireEarthling** (111 points)

I remember a post (cross-posted from another sub) where the bride was planning to have her cats be in her bridal party. As in, no actual human bridesmaids/MOH, just cats.

**u/reallybirdysomedays** (111 points)

This would be horrifying combined with formal gowns.

**u/Hailstar07** (99 points)

Yeah every time we go to the garden store I’m frantically googling every plant to make sure they’re not poisonous to cats before we buy anything. 

Also, pretty much all essential oils are bad for cats too, something to do with their liver doesn’t produce the enzyme needed to process the chemicals in their system, so it becomes toxic? Not sure if that’s entirely accurate but roughly what I recall reading.

**u/SnowWhiteCampCat** (99 points)

My cat was our ring bearer. He was perfect. But, home wedding with like, 7 guests.

**u/SquidgeSquadge** (92 points)

I love pets but I had my reasons not wanting to my mums dog at my wedding next month, apart from the fact they were not allowed at the venue.

Mum has a 4 year old little dog who is the sweetest thing in the world who loves to jump up and greet everyone before crashing asleep somewhere. He is also a baby who gets spooked easily and freaks out when my mum is not about (cannot be left alone at all).

My mum frets over him a lot sometimes and I know it will become her main focus at the wedding if the dog came which is a bit unfair. Doggy bro will also be very jumpy at me in my dress which will likely get dirty which I don’t mind so much near the end of the day.

Main concern overall is My in-laws and their friends/ family. Non of them are pet people and are very against dogs in pubs/places to eat. My partner has a sister with 4 kids that not only don’t ever have pets but have been scared of dogs at one point. I have a genuine concern that one of the kids would wind up or even bully the dog as they have no clue how to act around them from what I have witnessed in the past which could cause any kind of trouble, not to mention upset to my mum and the dog.

I just think it would be easier for everyone if he wasn’t there. Which is a shame as it would have been lovely him being our ring bearer but I’m trying to avoid drama.

**u/EllaMinnow** (83 points)

I begged my husband to let us have our two cats at our park wedding (no guests, just two witnesses, b/c COVID) but he was like, "Listen. I know you're a crazy person. But do you want EVERYONE to know you're a crazy person?"

Fair.

**u/randomsealife** (81 points)

In all seriousness, my cats are my babies, but I would never in a million years inflict them on random people. That fact that it is a wedding is beyond belief. 

I grew up with big dogs, so that might flavor how I see things, but I don’t understand bringing your animal anywhere. Like the time I saw someone holding a Pom in the grocery store. Or when I was standing in line at the Disney Store and was surprised to find a ferret pop out of the sweatshirt of the dude in front of me. Or when my mom was in the hospital and her roommate’s family snuck their Maltipoo into the room in a baby stroller. 

Although, if a dog or a cat or an alpaca was at a wedding, fuck the rest of the people. I just found my new wedding date.

**u/cheeseshrice1966** (78 points)

Uhh wut?

It’s Mister MINDYA D BUSINESS! 

*are you new here?!*

**u/HangryHenry** (70 points)

Or maybe the aunts planning on helping the bride arrange the flowers

**u/thekleave** (69 points)

OMG!! I’m dying of laughter just thinking of all the fires.

**u/IdlesAtCranky** (66 points)

Or the cats are.
