# Found on twitter

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/kittenfeet69  
**Score:** 10,317  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/drmc58/found_on_twitter/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/glitterforever4422** (786 points)

If i was them is make it known on all social media that friends and family follow. Just to make it clear how well their marriage will work

**u/CrazyBrieLady** (724 points)

I wonder how that conversation went where they decided that why yes honey, this *is* a wonderful idea that couldn't *possibly* come back to bite us in the arse!

**u/MontanaKittenSighs** (547 points)

My ex is engaged to his ex that he cheated on me with.  :)  I'm very excited that their break-up has now leveled-up into an upcoming divorce.  His friends all know and don't care, they love her.  Trash begets trash, is my point.  Telling his friends and family might very well do nothing but make you, the cheated on person, look bad (which is ridiculous, but trashy people are dumb).

**u/littlefracture** (373 points)

They’re either utterly tone-deaf, or they’re deliberately rubbing her face in it and baiting for a reaction. Those are my theories.

**u/BeYourOwnParade** (237 points)

I'm erasing myself from the narrative

**u/VicarOfAstaldo** (214 points)

Probably make them look bad because they’re making a fight public. It’s drama. What’s the goal? Doesn’t mean she’d be a bad person for bringing it up... but what’s the point? 

“Dave cheated on me with his now to be wife!” 

“Who are you? Why are you telling me this? Yeah that’s shitty I can do nothing about it and am not the one marrying Dave.” 

Or is the hope just, 

“Hey Dave your ex girlfriend came out of nowhere and told everyone you’re kind of an asshole. ... assuming she wasn’t lying. Not really sure who she is. So. That’s not cool.” 


She should just make this half joke tweet like she did and move on with her life like an adult who values their own time.

**u/serjsomi** (212 points)

Plot twist. She becomes moh and regales the guests during her speech at the wedding, with the "how they met" tale.

**u/[deleted]** (184 points)

Omg. This is going to happen to me. A guy I broke up with because he was a liar and manipulative started dating my best friend within a week after. They kept trying to talk to me about how it was best for all of us and they still want to be my friend but I need to “own my mistakes” which were.... breaking up with him and breaking his heart. 


But how could they be dating if I didn’t break up with him, shouldn’t they be happy? 

They’d totally do something like this. My phone background was the Taylor swift quote for awhile right after

Edit: also I’m 24..... it was some real middle school shit

**u/nyorifamiliarspirit** (116 points)

Seriously I'm petty AF but I'd post on Facebook/Twitter/everywhere and tag them.

"Bride and Groom have credited me on their wedding website with introducing them. They have left out the part where Groom and I were in what I thought was a committed relationship at the time and Bride was supposedly my friend."

**u/onlyoneicouldthinkof** (112 points)

I am watching it...burn

**u/iamreeterskeeter** (106 points)

Solidly on Team Face Rub

**u/shoreline85** (81 points)

I went to a wedding this summer where, in their VOWS, they talked about how my friend was dating someone else when they were getting serious. Apparently, he “made the right choice”. People audibly gasped. This is the same person who got the husband a cartoon book about their relationship and there were several pages dedicated to how she stole his heart from his ex, while dating.

**u/Blando_Rando** (76 points)

+1 on the face rub. The petty side of me and my fiancée is that we want to send a wedding invite to my evil ex gf, who introduced me to my fiancée. She caught my ex cheating on me and called her out, my ex hurled abuse at her, and a few months later we started dating and my ex was *not happy*. 

Luckily we are better people than that and WONT do it, but i can definitely understand the logic.

**u/MontanaKittenSighs** (75 points)

Yeah, you’re spot on. Thanks for putting into words what I couldn’t. It’s just not going to help anything bringing it up, no matter how trashy or shitty the person is.

**u/Belellen** (70 points)

Wot?

Seriously, what is up with these people? I've never forgiven the walking dumpster fire that is my father's current girlfriend for calling up my step mum and literally saying "I won. " You won what woman? A dude with loose morals? Congrats I guess? (Lost a lot of respect for my dad as well but that's not the point of this story. )

**u/lesmisfan12** (63 points)

r/unexpectedhamilton

**u/chrismustree** (61 points)

Okay but how did this exact same situation happen to me lol

**u/Neveronlyadream** (53 points)

99% sure this would flip around on OP for "trying to ruin the wedding" and "why is she being so horrible to them". 

There would probably be one person who admits they know, and they don't think it's cool, but they're also not willing to go against everyone else and look like an asshole, so they won't say anything.

**u/lumosmaxima19** (49 points)

No lie I would have wanted to be excluded from the narrative as well.

**u/Manish_Metha** (48 points)

I would never encourage violence, but people who have the gall to pull that shit deserve all the bad things that happen to them

**u/morningdeww** (44 points)

Kinda like with mindy and Barry when they made Rachel a bridesmaid

**u/SCU-Later** (41 points)

Seriously. 

A Taylor Swift quote as a background? What a shitty person.

**u/CrazyBrieLady** (40 points)

&gt;they’re deliberately rubbing her face in it and baiting for a reaction. 

__how could they ever expect that to go well for them tho_ ? Like yes, great idea to essentially throw the fact that you cheated out there to get a rise out of the person you cheated on _who might well have proof_

**u/zen-stab** (39 points)

r/shutupwesley

**u/funny_like_how** (38 points)

Lol. This reminds me of a guy I went to high school and college with (in state college so about 50 people in my class also went to the same college). This guy was dating his HS sweetheart for 2 years and then also in college. The girlfriend's new best friend and random dorm roommate ended up stealing the boyfriend away for herself by the end of the year. Then those 2 dated for 2 years and got engaged like the summer before senior year. The original girlfriend posted the entire background story on social media for all their combined high school and college friends to see. I wasn't really close with either and only had a few classes with both of them here or there (wouldn't have been invited to the wedding) but I was good friends with one of the girls who took the dumped girl's side. How the story ends is the guy and new girl got married and had a very small wedding because majority of the guy's friends (both girls and guys) took the side of the girl who got cheated on and dumped. The wedding was primarily the bride's friends and their close families. They're still together today but man did they get put on blast back in the day and caused the guy to basically lose all of his friends.
