# She looks absolutely gorgeous.... except she’s not the bride

**Sub:** r/weddingshaming  
**Author:** u/DBear423  
**Score:** 10,164  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/weddingshaming/comments/iettbd/she_looks_absolutely_gorgeous_except_shes_not_the/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/IceCheerMom** (3,700 points)

This isn’t even just an inappropriate white dress. It’s a wedding gown. It even has a train.  It would be a shame if someone accidentally spilled a glass of Cabernet on that.

**u/DBear423** (1,964 points)

That’s what bridesmaids are for

**u/BonnieMSM** (1,309 points)

I refuse to believe this is anything other than the bride and groom.

**u/OhHeyThrowaway2018** (1,265 points)

True Story:  for my SO’s birthday dinner, I wore this all-sequined fancy shirt that I’d received as a gift from my little brother (he saved up for it, it was costly, and wanted to get it for me, so it meant a lot). Was SOOOO excited to wear it. My SO’s friend’s gf is a notorious mean girl. Well, everyone complimented my shirt, including her...however, she immediately tipped over her red wine on me once she got the chance to. I’m not kidding - I didn’t think it was a catty move, assumed it was an honest mistake. I did remember her laughing, but assumed it was a nervous laugh (I’m too trusting of people). 

People - including her now-husband - admitted to me that she spilled it on purpose. 

So yes, spilling wine is a real deal. And she didn’t even offer to pay my dry cleaning 😒

**u/derivativeguitarriff** (706 points)

I’ve come to this point of clarity on this sort of situation. Anyone who decides to wear white or a wedding dress like this to a wedding, fully knows what they are doing. Everyone around them knows what they are doing and knows how fucking stupid they are. The person who does this will become a social pariah because of their own doing. So just sit back, let them be an asshole and watch the fun unfold as they alienate themselves and are never invited to a wedding again. 

Lots of wine and beer involved to help make the show more enjoyable on the day. 

People may disagree, but this is the level of drama I enjoy

**u/mkhorn** (700 points)

This is literally what this sub is for. *chef’s kiss*

**u/Jugg3rnaut** (628 points)

I’ve never been to a wedding but would this ever actually happen in real life? Bridesmaid steps in and spills some wine on the woman’s dress? Caus it seems more like a movie plot

**u/punkyfish10** (485 points)

I hope y’all don’t hang out with her anymore...life’s to short to play games or try to placate a mean girl.

**u/OhHeyThrowaway2018** (459 points)

We don’t see them anymore. My SO wanted to cut them off after that, bc he had heard that it was intentional and sadly pitied me lol. 

I’m way less trusting of people now.

ETA: I kept the shirt and still have it. This was about 4 years ago. 

For people saying my life must be good if I’m so trusting of people - I’m not sure that’s a fair assessment to make from a reddit comment.  I raised my little brother due to family circumstances. She knew that - and knew the story behind the shirt. Overall, it was a shirt, a materialistic item, something replaceable. But it had meaning to me. 

And maybe I should reword it: she was a mean girl, but I still considered her a friend, someone I could trust (my childhood was not one filled with rainbows and joy, not many of those people around). Realized that just because you consider someone a friend, they may not be.

**u/IdProbablyLickIt** (359 points)

Maybe I'm jumping to conclusions but if the groom has his hand on her ass... uh...

**u/DBear423** (336 points)

Lmao I’ve seen posts where people said that the bridesmaids were on “wine duty” and the one’s who were underage had hot chocolate. It’s a thing.

**u/notwearingpants** (283 points)

Idk if that’s the groom. Could be pre-ceremony but no wedding ring. Might just be a groomsman.

**u/SquintyBubbles** (277 points)

Unreal, like does she not have a friend to perhaps suggest that, lovely though the gown might be, this is NOT the function to wear it to? Her bloke there must be up his own arse too or he might have noticed what she was wearing before they left the house and could have suggested she needed to rethink her aesthetic. Totally self-involved and selfish couple.

**u/ladyyjustice** (250 points)

I went to a wedding where a woman wore a white dress to the ceremony and then went home and changed into a different all white dress for the reception. They weren't wedding dresses but I mean, really? You had 2 chances, sis.

**u/thepumpkinsmom** (233 points)

Agreed! Cannot even fathom that someone would wear what clearly looks like a wedding dress to someone’s wedding. Besides, the guy in the pic very much looks like a groom right down to the boutonnière. However.... he doesn’t have a wedding band on hmmmm

**u/ladylondonderry** (176 points)

I kind of feel that, only as long as it's not my wedding. I feel like at my wedding, if this is a human I personally knew? I'd be pretty pissed.

**u/stilltryingeveryday** (162 points)

This is something I always wonder...how does everyone just hang back instead of walking up to them and saying "You must be so embarrassed that you chose to wear that, do you want to borrow my shawl?" 

Have a bridesmaid tell the plus one she's with "You guys should go" (because he should have said something before)

I have a friend diagnosed with Aspergers and I could EASILY see her making a faux pas like this. As a friend, if I didn't know before hand to stop her, I would easily approach her discreetly as early as possible and explain what is inappropriate and why.

Granted it depends on my relationship with the guest, whether or not I know them, but I wouldn't just sit back and judge. I judge and actively do something about it!

**u/potatopeel** (162 points)

I had a glass of Cabernet spilled on me at a wedding! It was mine, I was the bride 😂 But at least I had a reason to be wearing a white dress!

**u/DBear423** (154 points)

Update: Found a [picture of the bride next to narcissistic guest](https://imgur.com/gallery/LFacss0)

EDIT: [Turns out, the original picture is the groom and his sister](https://imgur.com/gallery/Kc3QfGv)

**u/belckie** (149 points)

You can not tell me she didn’t buy that at a wedding dress shop! That is a full on wedding dress. I sometimes wonder what the date of these women think? Maybe they don’t notice or understand but once people are drunk at the reception and start drunkenly whispering shit about the girl in the other wedding dress, is the date then secondhand embarrassed?

I am genuinely not a diva but I would ask her to leave.

**u/goodvibes_onethree** (146 points)

I always think of stupid scenarios when people are tacky like this:  he would be a groomsman and she is his date so decided to take the opportunity to dress like a bride and manipulate the idea in his head he wants her as a bride and should propose. Lmao

**u/nashsarapas** (130 points)

Someone give this user gold for *chef kiss*

**u/Bidcar** (130 points)

He knew that she did it and still married her?  Their children will be demon spawn.

**u/Amonette2012** (129 points)

Wedding weasels.  A couple who go to other people's wedding venues and slyly get married on their dime.

**u/DBear423** (127 points)

When she turned up in dress two I would be sending her ass home
