# JYM and JNMIL go head to head.

**Sub:** r/JUSTNOMIL  
**Author:** u/imaunpottedplant  
**Score:** 11,047  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/c7so1c/jym_and_jnmil_go_head_to_head/  

---

So I’m currently about 5 months pregnant, as some of you who have read my posts before know. But just for a little background if you don’t want to read 

My JNMIL refers to me as my DHs little slut, said I should get rid of/ put my dogs down bc they’ll “hurt the baby” and then on my birthday told me she hoped I didn’t have a miscarriage like I did when I was 18.


So, I haven’t talked to my MIL or FIL in about a week despite her attempts to contact both myself and my hubby.

Yesterday, I was visiting with my very much JYM while my DH was at work and there was a knock on my door. 

There, in all her shitty glory, was my MIL. She smiles at me, sickly sweet and goes “Hi Plant!  I hope you don’t mind me stopping by. I just had to check in to make sure my little boy was still in there.” 

And in the background from my living room, I hear “What the fuck did you just say?” And like a valiant mother bear, my mom is behind me.

My JNMIL looks stunned with her stupid mouth open like a fish, and my mother stares daggers at her, asking her again what the fuck she just said. 

MIL starts going “I was only making sure she was doing well.”

“No. You came to harass my vulnerable daughter because you thought she’d be alone.
Did you come to bring up my deceased granddaughter? Or did you think you could corner my daughter into visiting with you so you could berate her? Because sorry to tell you, but I’m here with my child and you will not step foot in here.”

Silence from MIL

My mother pushes in front of me, looks my MIL square in her eyes and goes “Let me tell you something my daughter is too sweet to say to you. You will never meet MY grandchild. This is not your grandchild, you are just the hole my son in law came out of. You will not have a relationship with my daughter, or her children. Now turn around, get back in your car, and go away or I will call the police on you for trespassing.”

Exit JNMIL.




I love my mom.


My mom would like to say she loves all of you and you are all her children.
