# Well, we've kicked MIL out of the house.

**Sub:** r/JUSTNOMIL  
**Author:** u/LegitimateSorbet7  
**Score:** 10,845  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/gdihzm/well_weve_kicked_mil_out_of_the_house/  

---

Um, wow. Okay. This post has blown up a lot. I was not expecting this. Thanks for the messages and comments guys. 

After all that my husband and I called his sister to see if she wanted to take in MIL. We told her what happened. After all the shock and horror, SIL goes "Ask her to pay you back. She's already received her stimulus money, she should have enough." This was news to us. SIL confirms that MIL told her that she's got it already. I lost it. She moves into my house, leeches off of us knowing full well that husband and I have taken financial hits due to the pandemic, gets her stimulus money and DOES NOTHING? 

I wanted her out of my house. Indian cultural norms dictating I respect my elders be damned. Husband finally gets that I'm being serious and does something about it. 

Long story short, he told her she needed to pay us for the groceries and leave. She fought it for a few hours "my son won't throw me out, this can't be his idea." My husband had enough of the whining and told her that she pays up and gets out, or our entire extended family will know exactly why she's being booted from his house. That scared her into compliance.

The antics didn't end there though. While she was packing her things, she would "forget" and walk around the house wearing her shoes or put her shoe clad feet on my couch. Not wearing your outside shoes inside the house is a cultural thing. 

Yesterday, I made paneer. The look on her face when she realised that I could make Indian food with nothing but milk and lemon juice was absolutely priceless.  

She left a while ago. We got our money back and I'm ordering stuff from Amazon. I told my family what happened and they'll be sending me a care package of rice, flour and my favorite spices to tide me over until I can get my hands on my own. 

I'm feeling great. This is the least stressed I've felt in weeks.
