# My mom slapped my wife right after birth

**Sub:** r/JUSTNOMIL  
**Author:** u/AppropriateRadish9  
**Score:** 9,560  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/8vup82/my_mom_slapped_my_wife_right_after_birth/  

---

I'm new to this sub, so apologies for any issues with formatting.

So about a year ago, my wife and I found out that she was pregnant with twins. We were very excited and so were all our parents.

The pregnancy wasn't easy; my wife went through such severe morning sickness that we weren't sure she'd be able to continue the pregnancy. She's a trooper though and got through it. After 20 hours of labor and an emergency C section, she gave birth to a healthy boy and girl.

Until this point, my mom had been entirely supportive of the pregnancy and excited for the birth of her second and third grandchildren. However, her demeanor changed entirely when she saw our babies.

For context, I am a light skinned black man and my wife is a very fair white woman. When our babies were born, they didn't look black (they were just... pink? like most newborns?). My mom decided that these couldn't be my children and my wife must have cheated. She walked up to my wife, who was feeding our daughter, and slapped her right across the face in front of me, my in laws, my dad, and a nurse.

Everything descended into chaos. Security came and cleared the room until CPS and the police could do an investigation. That meant my wife, who had gone through a terrible pregnancy and birth, had to be left alone just hours later without me or her parents until an investigation could be conducted. It was horrendously traumatic for her and still affects her to this day.

Since then, my mother hasn't been allowed around to see my kids, but she calls routinely and leaves messages that switch between apologizing and screaming obscenities. My ILs have been over a lot to help with the babies and have told my mom to fuck off a fair number of times. My wife never wants to see her again and I don't really want to either.

Also, after a little while, the pinkness wore off and the babies are very clearly mixed race and look exactly like me.

ETA: To clarify, my wife was bottle feeding, not breastfeeding (not that it really matters).
