# MIL wants to write us out of her will, is shocked when we do not care.

**Sub:** r/JUSTNOMIL  
**Author:** u/DeeplyBison  
**Score:** 9,176  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/d1akmc/mil_wants_to_write_us_out_of_her_will_is_shocked/  

---

Post history has more details, but basically my MIL wants us to have children, and we won't. Hubs finally told her about his vasectomy, which seemed to shut her up, and all further interactions with her have been of the annoying BEC type. 

Well, yesterday MIL told us all that she had purchased a burial plot for her and FiL, and how she's pre-planned a funeral and wanted to start working on their long term medical requests and power of attorney docs.  All good things!. Then she starts to tell us about her estate. FiL tries to change the subject, but no no, we have to talk about this as a faaaamily.

Well, MIL gets this smug look on her face and then goes on about how thier estate will be divided up, which basically gives my husband almost nothing because we "don't have children, and the money is to support their family line". 

Y'all. Her face when hubs and I both nod approvingly at this and confirm that this seems like a smart plan. I'm fairly certain that she wanted us to either fight back or cry and make a scene or beg her for money.

(The person who made a scene was SiL- she's a whole thing- at the very idea of her mommy and daddy not bring around because she "loves them soooo much").

She controls two of her children with money but not us, and it *drives her batty*.  She sent hubs an email last night "apologizing" for her decision and giving him a "method of communication" about this without me involved. 100%, she was Trying to get him to beg her for money or change her mind.

So, he popped me on the email and responded, "Mom, OP and I want you to enjoy your money and have a happy and secure retirement. This is your money, you can do whatever you want with it, and we'll never critize you for your decision about this."

Ha. The rest of her kids are already fighting over their bones, but not us.  I'm using good manners as an insult.
