# My MIL just threw out all of my groceries. Grocery stores are out of stock and I'm losing my mind.

**Sub:** r/JUSTNOMIL  
**Author:** u/LegitimateSorbet7  
**Score:** 9,139  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/gcqjbb/my_mil_just_threw_out_all_of_my_groceries_grocery/  

---

Due to reasons, my MIL had to move in with my husband and I for a while. I'm South Asian, my husband is white.

Indian food is what I was raised eating and I love it to this day. Due to stay at home orders I suddenly have a lot more time to cook than I did before. I stocked my kitchen with rice, different spices and whatever else I would need to make what I wanted.

My husband doesn't mind and enjoys the food. My MIL on the other hand, does not. She's never liked me. Some stuff she says include "what kind of people use their hands to eat? Just use a knife and spoon like normal people". My husband has stuck up for me on all those occasions before, but having to live with her 24/7 is wearing him down.

After she moved in, she immediately started complaining. "Why does that smell so strong? It'll cling to the walls. Stop that." or "God, are you really feeding my son that crap? Just eat normal American food."

I know quarantine is taking its toll on everyone, so I decided to stay quiet. My husband did try to talk to her once, but that fell on deaf ears. Like always.

I woke up yesterday morning, go downstairs. Chat with husband and MIL for a while. Go into the kitchen, open my pantry, and there. is. nothing. My rice, spices, flour everything has been cleaned out. I had a rice dispensing machine that  I got a few years back and that was missing too.

I go to the fridge, and besides milk, bread, butter, jam and eggs there was nothing. I get my husband and ask him what happened to the food. He looks in confusion until MIL pipes up and says that she threw everything out. When asked why, she simply says "My child isn't used to eating your types of food. Just make him what Americans eat" And heck did that piss me off. She has this insane thing about not acknowledging that I am American, or when she does she tells people that I got my citizenship through marriage.

Wrong on all accounts. I was born here and so were the last 4 generations of my family. I go grocery shopping and they were out of stock on basically everything. I come home and she still has the audacity to ask why I'm not cooking like I usually do.

EDIT: He did tell her that what she did was unacceptable and horrible. but we haven't threatened her with eviction just yet. I'm thinking of reaching out to my SIL to see if she'd take her in. My MIL's problem with moving to SIL's is that she'd be far from her friends. I don't even care anymore. We're in the middle of a pandemic, she shouldn't even be seeing her friends.
