# ExMIL cut my trans daughter's hair and made her wear a suit

**Sub:** r/JUSTNOMIL  
**Author:** u/[deleted]  
**Score:** 9,116  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/e8dsgl/exmil_cut_my_trans_daughters_hair_and_made_her/  

---

I split custody of my transgender daughter with my ex husband. Daughter is 16 and only came out to us as trans about a year ago. We also have a 14 year old son. Custody is an uneven split in my favour, and Ex gets every other weekend as he moved a few hours away.

I am bi, I was kicked out by my parents when I came out to them, and I was adopted by a gay couple, meanwhile Ex husband was raised by very conservative, very religious people (and not the good 'love one another' religious, the 'feeling gay? little jesus should fix that' religious) so when Daughter came out to us as trans I definitely took it more in stride than Ex did, and Ex still hasn't fully accepted it.

Daughter is a typical "girly girl", far more than me, and we have mother-daughter days where we get our nails done and buy her some clothes. She's been growing out her hair and it's a little below her clavicle.

ExMIL has these 2 specific photos that she's obsessed with.

The first photo is of ExFIL and ExGFIL. It was taken on ExFIL's 16th birthday, ExFIL is in front and ExGFIL behind him with his hands on ExFIL's shoulders. Both men in the picture are wearing suits. The second photo is from Ex's 16th birthday. It's a recreation of the first photo, but now Ex is in the front and ExFIL is behind. Before my daughter was born, when I was still pregnant and we were told she'd be a boy, ExMIL immediately got excited about the idea of recreating that photo when our "son" turned 16.

Daughter turned 16 at the end of September. I had pretty much forgotten about the photos until she turned 16, but then I didn't hear anything about it from Ex or ExMIL and figured that since they no longer had a 16 year old son to take the photo with they'd just leave it alone until our actual son turned 16.

On Wednesday Son got sick with flu so I texted Ex to say that Son wouldn't be coming over this weekend. On Friday I brought Daughter to Ex's place as normal and then headed off. I told her to text me if she needs anything but I needed to get home to look after Son so it might take me a while to get there, but put some money on her card so if she needed to get home quickly she could. The plan is always I do drop off Friday night, straight after school, and Ex drops them home Sunday night.

Daughter came home Saturday afternoon, fresh off the train, a full 24 hours early, with a short, uneven, chin length bob.

Daughter told me that she'd woken up Saturday morning and come downstairs to see ExMIL and Ex. ExMIL said they were taking a photo for Christmas cards and handed my daughter a suit. Daughter explained that suits aren't really her thing but ExMIL insisted and Ex agreed, leaving Daughter feeling she couldn't argue so she put the suit on. ExMIL then picks up the kitchen scissors and told her to sit for a haircut. Daughter says no way. Ex then suggests she tie her hair back as a "compromise". They take the photo. At some point after taking the photo Daughter sits down and turns her back on ExMIL and the entire ponytail gets cut off. At this stage Daughter runs upstairs, gets changed, grabs her phone and card, and tells both Ex and ExMIL to go fuck themselves and leaves. Daughter gets the first train home.

I've done my best to even out the bob. I am now looking into fixing it so she doesn't have to go to his place again. The custody agreement was made over a decade ago and both kids are now teenagers. I can see Ex putting up a fight if they just stopped going so I'm going to have to go the legal route and see if I can't renegotiate custody. My lawyer is going to call me at some point in the next couple days, the main point of this post is to vent to be honest.
