# Today's the Day!

**Sub:** r/JUSTNOMIL  
**Author:** u/mypasswordisphil  
**Score:** 9,089  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/emt4c9/todays_the_day/  

---

Recap: I'm in my late 20s and my JNMOM (Artsy) has near complete control of my life. She's emotionally and verbally abusive and I'm virtually a prisoner in my own home. I'm currently seeing a therapist in secret and I'm leaving today.

TODAY'S THE DAY!!!

8 AM: I just left the house like I would if I was going to work. In about 2 hours the movers and the police will come and I can take my stuff. It's happening. This is real. I feel like crying and throwing up and the same time. I have this weird tingling feeling in my finger tips. I'm currently hanging out in a Starbucks trying not to hyperventilate. I'll update this post periodically throughout the day. Please send love and encouragement. I need to hear good things. Because everything about to happen.

10:45 AM: Both the police and movers will arrive in 15 mins.

12:30 PM: I'm out.

Final update for today: The police actually couldn't come in time but the movers and my friends kept her away from me. We were in and out in less than an hour. She made a threat to hurt herself so I told the police that they should do a wellness check. Hopefully this is the end of the story. 

Thank you to everyone here who supported me. I can never Express my gratitude. I love you all. You helped me save myself. I'm forever grateful.

3 PM: That was not the end of the story. After we got all of my stuff at my new place I went to the bank to immediately close my account and remove myself from our shared safety deposit box. Y'all she was there! Which actually turned out to be a blessing in disguise because apparently you can't remove yourself from a safety deposit box without all parties present. I allowed her to sit next to me for the duration of the process. My friend was standing by my side the whole time. Artsy kept throwing out wild accusations saying I was being kidnapped, or that I was running away with a man. At one point she tried to take a picture of us sitting together and my friend quickly blocked her phone while she was trying to turn the front facing camera on. I didn't engage at all. I just stared straight ahead the whole time.

I DO NOT CONSENT FOR THIS STORY TO BE POSTED OR USED ANYWHERE WITHOUT MY EXPRESS PERMISSION.
