# MIL upset that she doesn't have my birth certificate

**Sub:** r/JUSTNOMIL  
**Author:** u/WTF_Christine  
**Score:** 8,832  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/b6a50p/mil_upset_that_she_doesnt_have_my_birth/  

---

This happened over the weekend and I had a laugh with DH about it again today, so I thought I'd share.

On Saturday DH and I went to visit MIL's house for SIL's 50th birthday (BIL and SIL live with MIL because she's retired and can't afford to live alone). While there, we get on the topic of birth times. I ask MIL what time DH was born and she said, "Oh, I don't remember. We were never really *around* for the birth back then."

WTF? Where was she? 

Anyway, she said she would check the birth certificate. She leaves and comes back with a small lock safe. She pulls out her birth certificate, BIL's, and SIL's. Mind you, SIL is BIL's wife, not their sister. Here is where the JustNo comes in.

MIL asks DH where his birth certificate is. He says I have it. She asks me why I have it and I answer, "Because it's with all of our important family documents."

MIL: "But it should be here, with the other family documents."

Me: "Well, having it at our house means DH doesn't have to drive three hours here and back to get it, in case he needs it."

MIL: "Why would he need it?"

Me: ...

MIL: ...

Me: "Because it's *his* birth certificate?"

MIL: "No, it needs to be here with the important family documents."

Me: ...

MIL: "So does yours, Christine."

Me: "Oh, that's ok. I'd rather have it with me in case I need it... To get a passport or my social security card."

MIL: "Well, I guess you can bring it after you get those things."

Me: "Maybe."

So SIL changed the topic and things went on without incident for the rest of our visit.

But today, DH got a text from his mom asking when we were going on our trip. When he said we weren't going on a trip, she asked him why I needed a passport then. DH said I had used that just as an example.

So then she texted me and said, "Christine DH said you didn't need your BC right now. Please bring it with you when you come next. And bring DH's. Thank you"

So I responded:

"Hey MIL! I thought a lot about what you said Saturday and I think you're right. So I'm actually taking my birth certificate and DH's to my mom's to be kept in her important family files."

No response from MIL and our birth certificates are going to be staying right here at our house.
