# JNMIL announced she’ll be coming over at 2.... but I have a stripper pole in my living room. LOL.

**Sub:** r/JUSTNOMIL  
**Author:** u/rumchataplease  
**Score:** 8,826  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/iacbiu/jnmil_announced_shell_be_coming_over_at_2_but_i/  

---

(This is happening Live, but I actually don’t need advice! I’ll appreciate it regardless, but don’t feel pressured to give advice, this is just me sharing!)

This is happening as I type this. I’m currently at work until 2:30 and my bf is home. His mother texted him that she and FIL will pass by at 2 and bring lunch. 

BF immediately texted me “BABE THE STRIPPER POLE!!!!”

So I’m at work laughing imagining the absolute horror in their faces when they walk in and first thing they see is my shiny beautiful stripper pole. 

Did I mention that they are veeeerrrrrryyyyy Christian? I’m talking the worst kind. Nothing against Christians, but I don’t like extremists of any form, and they use their faith to hurt people.

So I texted back: “Fuck it, it’s our house. They’ll have to live with it.” 

I will definitely update. Lol

UPDATE 1: this update has nothing, but I realized I need to let you all know that I’m still alive in case y’all kill me LOL. So I just got off work, I’m on my way home. I texted my BF earlier asking how things are going, and he hasn’t replied or even read my text. So your guess is as good as mine!! More to come!!

UDATE 2 AND OH MY GOD (I’m in bedroom typing this rn): I get home and I open the door. 

“TELL ME RIGHT NOW BF IS LYING.” 

Me: “what????”

MIL: “HE SAID THAT HE WANTS TO BE A STRRRRIPPPEEERRR!!!!”

My BF can’t contain himself and just turns red and dies of laughter and I’m standing in my doorway wide-eyed confused asf. 

I just say “uhhhhh he’s lying... I’m gonna go change.” And I run into my bedroom and now I’m typing this. I wish I was more clever on my feet DAMN IT. 

Well anyways I can hear her asking him why we have it and I can hear him still laughing lol. 

More to come!

UPDATE 3: I exit my room. MIL and FIL are just staring at my pole. 

First thing out of her mouth. “If you’re tight on money, we can help you. You don’t need to do this, it’s disgusting. And BF shouldn’t be allowing it!”

Me: “I’m not a stripper, we’re good on money. It’s good exercise.”

FIL: Then go for a run!!! That’s a stupid excuse. There’s so many other things you can do.” 

BF: “Have you seen pole dancing competitions??? It’s not stripping, I swear! It’s super cool.”

Bf proceeds to go on YouTube and pulls up a video. 
*silence*

FIL: “WOAAAH!!!!” *turns to me* “CAN YOU DO THAT???” 

Updating soon. I think they might wanna see me dance. LOL.



LAST UPDATE: OKAY. This went a full 180 and honestly, we had a lot of fun!!

We took some time to talk about some issues from the past. If I’m up for it, I’ll make a separate post. But for now, it seems as though my IL’s are trying to apologize and make amends. 

After the initial shock, and a few videos later, they are now little curious children completely intrigued about the possibilities of THE POLE. So... I showed them! I did a few tricks, and MIL was shrieking in delight! She was so impressed. Then FIL...

“.... I can do that.”

Que FIL TRYING TO POLE DANCE AND KILLING IT MAY I ADD!!! MIL was looking at him like he was a snack it was soooo funny!! BF and FIL even got into a little competition on who can do the best tricks. 

After that my BF pulled out the VR headset and we had them play a bunch of scary games and video games. 

Finally they got ready to leave and they told us that they had a great time. 

I still don’t trust them, but they were completely different people from the past and we both get the feeling that they’re really trying. I think my BF setting them in their place finally got it through their head that their actions were ruining their relationship with us. We’re staying hopeful and cautious. 

Thank you guys for following along and for all the enthusiasm!! It made me smile so much :)
