# Christmas decoration bait and switch.

**Sub:** r/JUSTNOMIL  
**Author:** u/uglybelladonna  
**Score:** 8,729  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/a98pn0/christmas_decoration_bait_and_switch/  

---

I posted this on a different sub a couple days ago, but thought you guys might get a kick out of it. Hopefully this is okay to post here. 

A little background. 

My husband and I have this board hanging on our wall. It's a list of all the things we want and need, how much it will cost, how much we saved for it, and when we should be able to have it. It has things like new fridge, dishwasher, nice knife set, wish list items, ect.  I even include pictures, model numbers, or other specific descriptions for a lot of these items. I'm very proud of it. 

My father and his wife come to visit on a semi-regular basis. Smom always makes sure to look at my board, comment on it, and express her sadness that we are unable to afford the stuff. Within a week or so she will buy one of the exact things on my board(edit: for herself). Sometimes it's a smaller item like the coffee maker, other times it's larger item, like a motorized toy car for her children. Her buying these things isn't really what bugs me, what bugs me is her rubbing it in my face that she was able to "get it first" or how I was "copying" her when I do finally get the item. It's super annoying and childish. 

Anyway. I was walking through a local store's Christmas section right after Thanksgiving. I was looking for board ideas and happened upon a giant, ugly(imo), super pricey outdoor Christmas decorations set. Which gave me an idea. It was definitely not Smom's style. But hey, why not try?

When I got home I put the set on the high priority section of my board. Going as far to erase the money I had pooled for other things and move it to this Christmas monstrosity so we could "buy" it sooner. I was hoping this trap would be tempting enough for Smom, especially if I made this set seem super important. 

A couple days after that my father and Smom visit. Smom looks at my board  and asks about the set. I gush over it, describing it as the way to make my Christmas dreams come true( I loooooove Christmas honestly). I really lay it on thick. 

On Monday we go to visit my dad at Smom's request. Sure as shit, she bought and put up the entire set. It's ugly and over the top. I hate it. It's hilarious. Immediately she dives into to describing why she just  "fell in love with it" and how she "had to have it". Making a huge deal on every little piece and how it was soooo worth the money. Finally she concludes her gloat fest with telling me that I really do have great taste and sorry she beat me to it. 

"Oh, I don't actually like the set. I just put it on the board and said I liked it to mess with [husband]. He hates the over the top stuff like this crap. Glad *you* love it though" I tell her.  

If her smile fell any harder it would have fallen right off her face. The rest of the visit she was quite, didn't say much. She looked like a kid who got coal for Christmas. My Dad kept asking her what was wrong and got a lot of "I'm fines" and then finally she got a headache and went to bed early. 

She now refuses to talk to me, none of her usual texts or calls. Best Christmas ever. 

I would like to add. She put up the decorations on a Facebook sell group this morning for pick up after Christmas.  So yeah, definitely best Christmas ever.  

Merry Christmas everyone. 



Edit: For those interested in my board I made a layout for it in some comment replies.  Sorry If I didn't get to anyone's request, there's a lot of comments to look through.  Anyways. Glad this made you guys smile.
