# I need to vent to someone: my husband's father laughed at everyone taking COVID seriously, and then it killed him. Now his mom is lashing out at me for "being mean" and "infringing his privacy" and says I turned his family against him. But I didn't, it was literally him.

**Sub:** r/JUSTNOMIL  
**Author:** u/shortandbitter410  
**Score:** 8,609  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/gjsuk9/i_need_to_vent_to_someone_my_husbands_father/  

---

My husband's father was one of the big COVID naysayers.  He told everyone who would listen that it was bull, nothing to worry about, etc. Then he started making fun of people taking it seriously. Commented on any photo or post mentioning wearing masks and insulted people - basically if you wear a mask you're an idiot sheep. He took a selfie video inside a Subway restaurant saying "watch me make the snowflake sandwich slave panic" and then went up to the counter and stood on his tip toes to purposefully cough a bunch over the glass at the employee and texted the video to myself and others. Stupid ridiculous irresponsible rude BS. He tried to organize a local rally against business closures (no one showed). He was terrible.

I told him off on the phone about his Subway video. I work in the medical field and have witnessed COVID deaths and nothing he was doing was funny. He still didn't take me seriously, laughed a bunch and he posted it on my Facebook wall saying "here it is again in case you change your mind."   I stopped using Facebook for a while for my mental health so I didn't see it until I started getting calls and texts about what a lunatic he is from my sisters.

This set off a bit of a family firestorm because I am Facebook friends with many of his family members who were understandably upset by him being an ass. He got a lot of hate from his family and a lot of harsh words.

What goes around, came around. He got COVID and he died. I am sorry that his family has lost a member and I am sorry for my husband, but I've gotta be honest: I'm not that heartbroken myself.

Well my MIL (his wife) has somehow turned this around into my fault. She does not understand Facebook and she is CONVINCED that I took the video he texted me and I posted it on the internet for others to see. But I actually didn't. That was HIM  posting it to my wall. I have explained it to her, my husband has explained it to her, we have all explained it to her. She refuses to believe it.

She has gone as far to say that his death is "on my shoulders" because I turned his family against him and left him nothing to live for. Says his whole family turned on him because of me, and them being so mean to him destroyed his mental state to the degree that he couldn't recover. She says if it weren't for me he would have had the strength to recover because COVID is not that bad and he really died from a broken heart more than he did of COVID.

She posted on Facebook herself declaring me a traitor who invaded his privacy and posted that video that was meant to be a joke and he never meant for the internet. She says I formed an army to bully him. Many of her other family members commented telling her that HE posted the video on my wall. She doesn't believe it. She is 100% convinced that I am the bad guy here. 

She is grieving and struggling but COME ON. She is being a lunatic and I just can't deal with her anymore. Ever.
