# My JNMOM lied to family for years about me, but gets embarrassed and blames me when we have a virtual family reunion because I'm the opposite of what she told everyone else.

**Sub:** r/JUSTNOMIL  
**Author:** u/AlwaysGoodFeelings  
**Score:** 8,504  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/kud1g7/my_jnmom_lied_to_family_for_years_about_me_but/  

---

My JNMOM was literally cancer the 21 years I lived at home.

She made my life hell, and because of her I ended up so depressed and Strees out alot, I was a bit over weight and she always made fun of me for it. I could never hold down a job when I was younger, because of self-esteem issues and my depression, but I was constantly called lazy.

At the age of 21 I moved out, I stayed with friends, worked on my mental and physical health and for myself a decent job.

I feel amazing now, four years later I have a great friend circle and a boyfriend who fully supports me in anyway.

I have been in NC with my mom for the last four years and some family I don't talk to either, one of the reasons why is because they always took my mom's side and believed her, because she made me out to be this  demon child, but she had no idea how I could be as horrible as I was.

I only speak to my grand parents, who witnessed some things she did to me months before I moved, and cut her off, plus they didn't want to get into any drama in the family anyway.

And a cousin who being a witness to this when we were younger, was someone who I also stayed in contact with.

Throughout those four years mom continued to lie about me, I kept putting on weight, I had no job, I was homeless, I tried breaking into her home multiple times, I had assualted her, so forth.

But just last month did my grandfather reach out and told me that he had heard what my mom had been saying, and told me that they were doing a virtual family reunion in January, I should join in and prove everyone wrong.

My cousin also told me to inconveniently, sit somewhere in my house where my boyfriend would be, because apparently I still couldn't get a boyfriend.

So the big day arrives, I was 5 minutes late on purpose, and the look on people's face was hilarious, that's when people started questioning my mom, and my mom ignored every question, and made up the excuse that I'd had some 'work' done.

That's when I said no, this has been me for three years, all the news you were getting on me, was from the women, who, like a lot of you I haven't spoken to you in years, this women lied, she has degraded me my whole life, and still does it, because that's all she can do with her life.

That's when my boyfriend walked into the kitchen and everyone freaked out more when I told them he was my boyfriend, and he gave a friendly wave in the background.

My mom was literally had a death stare going on.

People started questioning my mom again, she didn't answer anyone, and then said, 'I don't need to answer anyone', before she left on her end.

Later on I found out from my cousin who heard from her mom, that my mom had a full on meltdown, because I had the audacity to sit in there, and be all smug, and how I should have stayed away because now there are problems within the family and it's my fault.

But this only comes back to her being embarrassed and being called out on her lies.

Edit: thank you for the gold, stranger!
