# Mother tried to wear a white dress to sister's wedding, so we stood her up

**Sub:** r/JUSTNOMIL  
**Author:** u/sstrswddng  
**Score:** 8,394  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/j2a7az/mother_tried_to_wear_a_white_dress_to_sisters/  

---

A few things: I made an AITA post about this, which is [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/j1y2y4/aita_for_stopping_my_mother_from_attending_my/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share), but saw a few people telling me to post here. Also chose the success flair because it feels like the right one, but I do know the issue has been contentious on my other post. This is posted on mobile, so please excuse any formatting issues, there's also details here I didn't add to the other post.

To recap, my sister was set to get married back in April, which was obviously cancelled. A little while ago, she and her fiancee just kinda said fuck it and had a COVID safe wedding last weekend. We planned on having 10 people including brides and the officiant, social distancing was observed, we all wore masks when possible, so on so forth.

My mother has a history of making events about herself, for example:
- she showed up 15 minutes late to my high school graduation
- didn't show up at all to either of my sister's graduations
- decided she didn't like my major so refused to go to my college graduation, hid my sister's car keys so she couldn't go either. Then 17-year-old sister ended up catching public transport for several hours ALONE because she didn't want to disappoint me.
- turned up halfway through my wedding ceremony in sweatpants just to make a scene that we didn't tell her the right time (we did)
- wanted to be the first to hold my kids. Uh no.

So we kind of knew she would pull some shit at my sister's wedding, especially considering she had made some pretty homophobic comments about the relationship before. We don't know our dad, and because of COVID there wasn't really a bridal party, so I ended up as the father of the bride, brother of the bride and MOH rolled into one. One of my jobs was keep our mother in check

The night before, my wife and kids stayed at my mother's house, while I stayed with my sister. The plan was that Wife would drive our kids and my mother, since Mother can't drive. The morning of the wedding, my wife sent me a photo of what my mother planned on wearing. Not only was it white, but it was VERY similar to my sister's wedding dress. Wife had suggested she wear something else, but apparently this was the only nice thing she owned. She also locked the bedroom door so Wife couldn't go find her something.

When Wife told me this, I told her to tell Mother that there was a change of plans and that we would pick her up in the nicer car I was driving my sister in so she could make a grand entrance with us. She obviously agreed, so didn't see an issue when my wife and kids left on their own at the original time. As the title suggests, my sister and I never picked her up.

I told my sister what was happening during the drive to the ceremony, and she wasn't at all shocked with what our mother had done. She did suggest that we call her before the ceremony began, so that I could run down and pick her up if she saw the error of her ways. She never answered the phone, and never called any of us, so we just got on with.

Obviously, Mother is livid, but hey, we all had a great time. I know a lot of people have seen this as cruel, but thought that some of you might find it useful or an enjoyable read. Don't let anybody ruin your wedding.
