# I rearranged MIL’s furniture.

**Sub:** r/JUSTNOMIL  
**Author:** u/[deleted]  
**Score:** 8,320  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/8com67/i_rearranged_mils_furniture/  

---

You all, it was GLORIOUS! On mobile, new throwaway account, first post, longtime lurker, yadda yadda, let’s get to the story.

We’ve been married a long time, a long time. MIL was mostly BEC with a little JustNO and I’ve been low to no contact for probably the last 10 years and my life has been divine because of that.  Dh doesn’t mind because he gets lots of romance when his ma isn’t interfering in our relationship. 

But way back, I tried so so hard to get on her good side. I was such a sweet summer child.  I thought to myself she should be happy for dh, I cooked and cleaned and threw parties and most people liked me. But she was sly, so dh didn’t catch the nuances of her behavior. I tried to point it out, with little luck, because I had no experience with a woman like this. 

We left for our honeymoon a week after our wedding, enough time for us to set up our small apartment and get cozy living together beforehand. We left for a week with the keys left to MIL to fetch our mail and various things. You all, when we got back she had completely rearranged my kitchen, the living room, threw out some of my pictures and Knick knacks from our bedroom, and I swear she also tossed some of my lingerie. I was upset, so upset and cried to dh. He, angry at his mom talked to her then came home with the usual, can you guess it? She can’t imagine why I’d be upset! She was being SO helpful! She didn’t mean to do anything wrong, and the tears came at her bidding so that dh was thrown for a loop, never having experienced woman to woman territorial stomps. He came home spewing her diatribe and simply told me that he would Help me put things back. And he did, except for the kitchen, he only made things worse in there but not for lack of trying. Mil never even taught him to butter bread. Sigh. But, I learned a valuable lesson. Whenever mil was up to her shenanigans, she would wait until we were alone, look at me and do this evil smile with a nod, sort of like those “Sup” gifs, to acknowledge her disdain to me properly. 

I learned from the best, the very best. Mil was the town pillar, active in church and charity, and so sweet to the people she approved of. 

So, here is the meat of this post. Mil is old now, and still just as sneaky. If anything, old age has sharpened her skills, and she has taken on the role of helpless old lady quite fabulously. There are volunteers who help her and bring her meals, sit and read with her, it’s all quite nice, really. 

She did a week long stint in the hospital, recently, and dh got the key to her house to retrieve her mail, etc etc. Well, I made a copy of said key (without dh knowing, of course, because I had a plan). 

During that week, I took some time off work (I was so sick, don’t you know), and let myself into her house to rearrange, I mean, clean her kitchen. I also threw away some broken porcelain and other items, they weren’t necessary, took pictures off the walls and put them in the closet. Then I rearranged the linen closet, the coat closet, mil’s closet and her bathrooms. Both of them. I left the living room mostly alone, sadly, but I didn’t want dh to catch on, see. 

Then, on the day dh was supposed to pick her up from the hospital and bring her home, I offered to help dh clean her house for her homecoming! He was mildly surprised at my offer but I said I’ve decided to let bygones be bygones. I will help, then get out of the way so dh could help mil get settled in. She can mostly live by herself, with a little help every day from a cna and hubs to check in on her. 

So we cleaned, mopped, and vacuumed. Got everything sparkly and clean. I went with dh to fetch his mom and sat in the back seat. When we arrived, mil immediately noticed things were askew but she couldn’t tell what it was yet. Then she noticed the missing pictures. 

Mil: what did you do with my pictures? 
Dh and me: what do you mean? 
Mil: you stole my pictures!!! 
Me: oh my, no mil, I helped dh clean and that’s all. 

Dh confirmed that is all I did. I asked if she’d like some tea, and she yelled at me to stay out of her kitchen. She went in herself and screamed what had we done? I looked at dh all puzzled and dh repeats that he and I only cleaned the counters and dishes,  and mopped. 

Mil was livid, so I told dh that my presence must be upsetting to her so maybe I should leave. Dh, confused because he had no idea why his mom was acting so outwardly hostile to me, agreed. 

So I cheerfully told mil that I’d be on my way and dh could call me when he’s ready to be picked up.  That’s all dh heard, he didn’t see me smile at mil because he was facing my back. And you all, I nodded at her with her very own signature nod. She was livid. 

Dh told me on the way home (when I went to pick him up a few hours later)  that she had accused me of all sorts of things, and that’s when I said the poor dear’s mind must be going.  He agrees, the poor thing is getting so old, after all. 

She should have been nicer to me, I get to help pick her nursing home, and I know very well how to play the helpful supportive role. Thanks mil!
