# MILITW Touched Me, Because Pregnant.

**Sub:** r/JUSTNOMIL  
**Author:** u/[deleted]  
**Score:** 8,289  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/awk5rs/militw_touched_me_because_pregnant/  

---

Edit: EEEEE! My first award - Thank you for the silver &lt;3 I'd like to thank the Academy of WTF MILs, without whom this may never have happened...

Edit 2: Ohmygod you golded me 😭💜

Edit 3: PLATINUM?? You like me, you really like me! I swear I'm going to start smacking everyone if I get this kind of reaction, lol

I posted this in r/babybumps as well, but thought y'all might enjoy this story. My first MILITW. 

OK the story - I'm at Starbucks (I get a small coffee twice a week) and this woman behind me taps me on the shoulder. Now, understand I'm originally from the south and am a transplant here in a northern Midwest state where it's been snowing for weeks making it a type of personal hell for me, but I digress.

So I turn, Resting Friendly Face on, and am immediately greeted with "OH MY GOD HOW FAR ALONG ARE YOU" very loudly. This woman is probably in her 50s.

Me: Um... Right about 30 weeks... (still smiling, because Southern)

Weird Lady (WL) : You're SO BIG hahahaha are you sure it's not twins? My daughter in law is pregnant too hahahaha so funny! She's a lot bigger than you are hahahaha but she eats badly so I think she's fat too hahahaha! I bet if I lived closer to them I could make her eat better I JUST LOVED BEING PREGNANT ISN'T IT THE BEST

(a lot of that was very... Run on sentence) 

Me, now strained smiling: Very sure. Ha ha. Yeah, pregnancy is fun. Ha. 

WL reaches out and touches my belly

I smacked her hand.

So this is my second pregnancy. I learned from my first, 15 years ago, that *people touch you* and it made me, from then on, react poorly to people I don't know touching me for any reason. Anyway.

WL: THAT WAS RUDE.

Me: Don't touch me please. I don't know you. I'd appreciate it if you could step back please. 

WL calls supervisor over: This woman hit me!

Supervisor: I saw. You touched her without permission. She smacked your hand.

WL: MAKE HER LEAVE

I'm just standing there starting to feel sick because anxiety is kicking in high. I know my eyes are starting to water, I'm getting hot so I know I'm blushing. 

Long story short, the supervisor has her leave and I get coffee and a free cake pop because I think they could tell I was close to crying. But Jesus. Don't. Touch. People.
