# A homophobe insulted my daughter, I may have ended his marriage.

**Sub:** r/NuclearRevenge  
**Author:** u/just_some_arsehole  
**Score:** 14,699  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/NuclearRevenge/comments/qsbzkn/a_homophobe_insulted_my_daughter_i_may_have_ended/  

---

So my daughter (15) has been friends with a girl who lives opposite for years now and in the past there have been sleepovers at both our houses, adults always stopped and chatted when we saw each other etc. 


Last year my daughter came out as a lesbian and a short while later we noticed that our friends across the road never seemed to want to chat anymore. Recently my daughter told me her friend had messaged her to say that she wasn't allowed around our house anymore.


Yesterday I saw them on the road and I decided I was going to have a friendly chat and see if I could resolve the issue.


It didn't stay friendly very long.


Dickhead dad was acting oddly agitated when I brought it up and ended up saying "I'm not letting your fucking queer daughter try and do stuff to [redacted]. Just because you raised a freak doesn't mean we all have to like it.


(side note for anyone who doesn't know: although the term" queer" has been somewhat reclaimed by the lgtbq+ community in recent years it has a long history of being used as a homophobic slur and Dickhead dad definitely wasn't using it as an ally).


Now, for the next part it's important to know four things:

1) Dickhead dad has been working from home since the pandemic started.
2) His wife hasn't and works each day.
3) I have been working from home due to injury for a few weeks now.
4) I've seen the woman who visits for a few hours a couple of times a week and I've seen him smack her ass as she leaves.


I stay nice and calm. I take a breath and then I press the button.

I calmly explain to Dickhead dad that just because my daughter is gay doesn't mean that she would be trying to make a move on a friend. "after all..." I say, "men and women can be friends without it being sexual... Just like you and the blonde girl who keeps coming round."


He got pretty mad and called me some amazing names as his wife stomped back to their house. I'm guessing things got pretty bad as he left the house less than an hour later with a suitcase and a big gym bag and drove off, tires screeching.

I do feel sorry for the daughter if I'm honest and if only for her I did wish afterwards I'd kept my mouth shut...

Not sorry for him though.
