# I sent an Entitled Mother to the ER because she grabbed my girlfriend

**Sub:** r/NuclearRevenge  
**Author:** u/Estrad7  
**Score:** 10,454  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/NuclearRevenge/comments/ayebla/i_sent_an_entitled_mother_to_the_er_because_she/  

---

I posted this story to r/entitledparents and figured it might be a good fit here too. I made some edits in hopes of making this a little easier to read. This story happened about a week ago. 

I got a $25 giftcard from my mom to the local cinema, so my girlfriend and I decided to go see How to Train Your Dragon: Lost World. (HTTYD) For context, my girlfriend’s a petite beauty from Venezuela, so people sometimes mistake her for a child, but it’s usually very obvious that she’s an adult by the sound of her voice and the way she acts. It usually results in awkward or sometimes funny moments, but this was not one of those moments. 

Anyways, we get to the theater without any problems and we patiently waited in line to purchase our movie tickets. We started talking about HTTYD and what dragons we would want to have. She loves Astrid’s dragon Stormfly because her favorite color’s blue and she likes it’s ability to shoot spikes. The way she marvels at everything we have here is so adorable, but I also understand that it’s because she, in her own words, “grew up with nothing.”

We get to the front of the line and I start purchasing our tickets. I feel a really thick finger tap me on the shoulder. Enter the entitled parent.

EM: “Hey, can you help me out?”

This lady’s tone instantly set off some red flags for me. People who are condescending and/or overly nice generally want something out of you.

Me: “With what?”

EM: “Well, I really wanna see that dragon movie with my little boy and we just don’t have enough money today.”

Her kid is completely silent and he looks like he’s 6-7 at the oldest. Unfortunately, me and my GF are both broke college kids, so we didn’t have too much money to spare.

Me: “We don’t have money to spare. Sorry. Maybe someone else can spare some change.” I thought that maybe that would get her to leave us alone but nope.

EM: “You have money! You’re using a gift card! You can just buy the tickets for you and the little girl with cash!”

Me to the employee while mentally facepalming: “Can you just take my card real quick, please?” She takes my gift card and swipes it.

EM: “Stop! He stole my gift card!”

I look at EM like she’s on drugs or something. The employee looks at the gift card, which has my name on it and my name is not a gender-neutral one or Karen.

Employee: “Ma’am, I’m sorry, this might just be a misunderstanding. His gift card does appear to have his name on it.”

EM: “I want to speak to your manager bitch! I can’t believe you would defend a thief! He just wrote his name on it!”

Employee: “Okay, please wait one second ma’am.” She was right in front of us for the entire exchange between us 3.

GF tugs on my sleeve: “Babe! What are they saying?” English is her second language, so she still has trouble understanding people sometimes. EM has a look of pure disgust on her face.

Me to GF: “Ella es lóco.” I was being intentionally incorrect with my Spanish,

EM: “WHAT!? I SHOULD’VE KNOWN THAT YOU’RE A FUCKING PEDOPHILE!” She was screaming loudly and people were starting to stare at us.

Me: “... What!?”

I was just shocked that she would say such a thing to my face. I guess she thought my GF was a child. I glance over at my GF, who is starting to look scared and confused. All she knows is that the physical embodiment of insanity is standing before us.

EM: “I WON’T GET YOUR ASS ARRESTED FOR RAPING THAT SHIT SKIN ILLEGAL IF YOU JUST HAND OVER YOUR FUCKING GIFTCARD!”

Me: “No! Get out of our face!”

The kid hasn’t uttered a peep throughout this entire exchange yet, but he looks scared.

EM: “HOW FUCKING DARE YOU MAKE MY BABY CRY! (he wasn't) I’M MAKING SURE YOU GET ARRESTED AND TAKING YOUR GIFTCARD!”

She reaches for my gift card on the counter, but the lumbering land whale is too slow. I grab it. She's screaming at me to hand over my gift card, but I refuse and play keep away. After what felt like a minute of her screaming at me and calling us both all sorts of racial slurs, she changes tactics: she grabs my GF.

EM: “I’M TAKING YOU AWAY FROM THIS RAPIST!” My GF’s eyes are wide. She struggles and lets out a blood-curdling scream.

Hearing that scream was all I needed to see red. I elbowed EM with all my might. She hit the ground hard. She was out cold with blood trickling out of her mouth. The only thing that stopped me from going further was her kid’s presence.

Everyone in the vicinity went silent as EM continued to stiffly lay on the ground. Surprisingly, nobody tried to attack me afterwards. The employee was visibly shocked by what just happened. My GF was sitting on the ground, crying, but thankfully unharmed. I try to comfort her and EM’s kid started to cry too.

Security came a few moments later followed shortly by the manager. They're greeted by the scene of me kneeling on the ground next to my crying girlfriend, a little kid crying a few feet away next to his unconscious mother all surrounded by shocked onlookers. They immediately called an ambulance for EM. It’s clear that she’s badly injured.

The employee and I explain what happened. The other staff were thankfully nice and understanding and offered us free tickets, but we just took vouchers to another showing instead. My GF just wanted to go home. I felt bad for the kid after what he just witnessed. I gave him a candy bar I was saving for the movie, which seemed to help him relax a bit, but I could tell he was still scared of me. I apologized for hurting his mom and told him that it’s wrong to hit people, but sometimes, you have to in order to protect the ones you like. I sincerely hope that he doesn’t grow up to be like his mother.

I’m not sure what happened to the kid. I gave a police statement later that night, which earned me the nickname as the “Elbow man” at the local department. My girlfriend does not want to press charges, and she’s firm on this.

I later heard that I knocked out 4 of EM’s teeth, dislocated the left side of her jaw and gave her a concussion. She likely got the concussion from her impact with the ground. The best part is that I’m guaranteed to win the case against her if she tries to sue me and I know that she’ll have to eat only liquid foods for quite some time, assuming that the info I heard is correct.

TL;DR: Racist woman gets mad that I won’t give her money for movie tickets, then tries to use false accusations to steal my giftcard. Then when she grabs my girlfriend, I knock the EM out and dislocate her jaw.

EDIT: Thanks for the silver kind stranger. And thanks for the gold too!
Ooh! Platinum! Thanks kind stranger
