# Guy behind me in traffic was blinding me in traffic with his high-beams, so i violated his retinas with the full force of an afternoon sun

**Sub:** r/NuclearRevenge  
**Author:** u/fitnessgrampacerbeep  
**Score:** 9,027  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/NuclearRevenge/comments/zru0nc/guy_behind_me_in_traffic_was_blinding_me_in/  

---

I was driving home from work and traffic was backed up pretty badly for a few miles. It was stop and go. When i get stuck in that, i'll usually back about 75 feet off the car in front of me so that i can hold a pace and move at a slow, but constant roll - like the semi trucks do. This way im not participating in the bumper to bumper move and brake like the rest of the smooth brain drivers. 

Some dude in an Acura Crossover was behind me, and i guess he was getting upset because i wasn't 2 feet from the car in front of me, driving like a smoothbrain. So he gets up on my butt and starts beeping his horn at me. "Lol" i think to myself as i turn up my radio. 

But then he starts flashing his brights at me, which is where i get annoyed. He's in one of those acuras that has the super bright LED headlights. My car is much lower than his, so his low beams are already pretty bright in my mirrors. Bright enough that i dont want to look in them. The first time he flashed his highbeams it put spots in my vision for a moment. It genuinely hurt my eyes. After the first flash, he waits for about 10 seconds, beeps his horn, and then flashes me again. Now im getting pissed. Im thinking "where the fuck do you want me to go? Do you really think being two feet from the car in front of you will make traffic move faster?" Then he flashes me a third time, but this time he held them on for about 15 seconds. Time for the gloves to come off. 

During those 15 seconds, as im looking away from my mirrors, i see my 14,000 lumen searchlight sitting in my passenger seat, at which point I'm immediately overcome by a wave of chaotic-lawful excitement, what he has just set in motion can not be stopped. I think to my self "oh buddy....you just opened the wrongggg can of worms. You're gonna learn today" 

I grab the flashlight and set it to its absolute max 14,000 lumen brightness setting. The flashlight has a sensor in it to automatically dim the light if facing down on a table, because otherwise the diodes would get so hot they would melt the lense.The 14,000 lumen setting is so intense, the 57 watt-hour battery can only hold it for 180 seconds before the flashlight automatically notches down to a measly 9,500 lumens. During those 180 seconds, the light will burn through 15% of it's battery power. For reference on just how bright this is, *the literal fucking sun* emits a luminosity of 11,000 lumens per square foot on a bright and clear day. 

I turn around and aim it straight out the back of my rear window. My car is pretty noisy, so before i turn it on, I rev up my engine to make sure captain smoothbrain is eyes forward when I violate his retinas with the full force of an afternoon sun. I hit the power button and can only imagine the freight train of shock and pain that plowed over this man. It was so bright, his automatic headlights shut off because the car thought it was daytime. With the light on, i could see him clear as glass through his tinted windshield, he was covering his eyes and looking down. Probably screaming. I watched him try and flip down his sun visor, but his hand couldn't find it, as i thought to myself "Burn you motherfucker....burn". I imagine my facial expression was similar to that of a 6 year old roasting insects with a magifying glass on a bright summer day. After about 5 seconds of blinding light, i took mercy and shut it off. He proceeded to back way the hell off, and move over to a different lane. 

Was this an unsafe thing for me to do? Absolutely. Was this illegal? Almost certainly. Was it warranted? Without question. Possibly the highlight of my year

Drive safe, and dont be a dick to the car in front of you. Because they might just have the tools to teach you a lesson. 

TLDR: Dickhead in traffic was excessively flashing his highbeams at me, hurting my eyes, because I couldn't go faster than the car in front of me - so I showed him how it feels.
