# Steal my money, take my house, put me into debt. Now it's time for me to ruin your life.

**Sub:** r/NuclearRevenge  
**Author:** u/PerfectHamburger812  
**Score:** 7,632  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/NuclearRevenge/comments/cixf6s/steal_my_money_take_my_house_put_me_into_debt_now/  

---

Repost from r/ProRevenge as people said it belongs here 

&amp;#x200B;

My  ex stole from me close to 90k euros which I saved up for 9 years, and  when I took her to court, I lost due to lack of evidence. At the moment I  felt destroyed and lost it all. She even sued me for emotional damages  and I had to pay 55k euros. So I was forced to sell my house and take a  big loan from the bank. I stayed at a friend and helped me find some  good lawyers. And we just found an amazing one.

In  1 day he helped me so much and even helped me get the info of who took  money from my bank account. Something was wrong, 29th of June a  transaction happened in my name. I never made it, I was not in the  country at the time. Well would you look at that.

I  was ready to get back into court when I found out that she bought my  house. Well, I have a safe that I never told her about hidden in the  bathroom behind the cabinet. Well she ruined my life, why not ruin her  even more? So I had an accomplice that helped me buy some drugs, worth  about 400 euros and used a friend to hide it there. The safe has a 4  digit code, that being 0000, never got to change it to something else.  And before taking her to court again I had that same friend who hid the  drugs turn her in.

It took about a  week for the cops to receive a mandate to search the house, they found  nothing in the first 2 hours, and they wouldn't if my friend forgot to  leave the safe cover open.

That 400 euro worth of drugs are equal to a 5k euro fine and 12 years of prison. Well I'm not done yet.

Court time again!

I  had my lawyer get the footage from when the money from the bank was  transferred and also I had a document showing that I was not in the  country at the time.

We also found out the account to which the money was sent to. The name was that of my Ex.

Well,  look how the tables have just turned. My lawyer also demanded payment  for emotional damage, all the money that was stolen, the house and also  money equivalent to 2 times the debt I had in the bank which is equal to  about 140k euros. The look on her face when everything came down  crashing on her was totally worth it. And on top of the 12 years from  drug possession she received an additional 25 years for theft and false  testimony. Enjoy it, Bitch.
