# No Room For Child Killers In This Cell Block

**Sub:** r/NuclearRevenge  
**Author:** u/[deleted]  
**Score:** 6,718  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/NuclearRevenge/comments/b5lenv/no_room_for_child_killers_in_this_cell_block/  

---

This story was told to me by my friend's dad. He is a personal trainer and was training this guy in the gym who just got out of prison a couple months prior, and told him this story. 

It spread through the prison like wild fire about this man who got what was coming to him. A man was convicted for raping and killing 2 girls (a 5 year old and 9 year old). He mutilated their bodies and traces of semen was found inside them. This was the worst of the worst and other prisoners found this out within the first week of him arriving. 

The man was only serving life, but didn't get the death penalty. This angered the other prisoners who decided to take revenge. The prisoners started taking broomsticks from the janitor closet, and after collecting a few they went into his cell at night. (No one knew how the doors opened, but it was said prisoners had connections with the guards) When the doors opened the prisoners went into the guys room, gagged him, tied him up, and proceeded to shove 14 broomsticks in his ass. Violently and forcefully. 

The body was found in the morning bound and gagged. It was said that he bleed out over a period of hours. A gruesome, painful death for someone who deserved it. 

(Thank you for 5k upvotes and make it the 8th best post of all time on this subreddit.)
