# I didn't go Nuclear, I went Super Nova.

**Sub:** r/NuclearRevenge  
**Author:** u/AsherMorte  
**Score:** 6,651  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/NuclearRevenge/comments/ay7m8x/i_didnt_go_nuclear_i_went_super_nova/  

---

This is my first post on here, so please bare with me. 

Just a little background to start off. I was an exterminator for better than a decade, and was only a few credits shy of a degree in entomology. Needless to say, I know my stuff when it comes to anything one might consider creepy and/or crawly. 

With all this being said I was a specialist for the absolute worst kinds of infestations. I treated for bed bugs, small cousins to ticks that only drink human blood. 

I bet you think you know where this is going, and just to cut you off, no, I never intentionally infested anyone. In fact the revenge in this story isn't even for me. It was for what turned out to be one of the sweetest women I have ever met. For the purpose of the story we are going to call her Mary. She was a nurse in World War 2.

I was called out to Marys home by the management of the subsidized apartments she had complained about a "small bug issue". What I found when I got there was not a small bug issue, and still haunts me a little to this day. When Mary answered the door she was covered in bed bugs. Her hair, her clothes, even crawling on her hands. Without going into too much grizzly detail about insect biology, this isn't normal. Bed bugs don't like touching human skin, and they don't hunt when people are up in moving. That is why the bed is the most prevalent place to find them, and thus the name. 

I immediately called an ambulance, waited on them to arrive and warned them about the very real possibility that anywhere they took her would be in sever danger of being infested if they didn't do something to decontaminate her. The poor woman was suffering from anemia, and it was luck of biology that she hadn't gone into toxic shock from the number of bites she had received. 

When she was rushed off, after having to be hosed off, literally sprayed with a hose, and having her clothes taken from her in semi private, revenge mode started. Bed bug treatments are expensive, very expensive, and I had made a lot of contacts with local Department of Social Services, and the Adult Protective Services because of the amount of charity of work I had done. Every single one of them got a phone call. Subsidized apartments have rules, including that they have to make routine checks. For an infestation to get to that level, it had gone unchecked for years. She had been being eaten alive, for years. 

I called the local news, warned every neighbor, and collected statements about exactly how often the maintenance staff and management had entered the apartments. Once DSS and APS was done, I urged every single person who was put in jeopardy of infestation to file civil suits, and recommended a lawyer I had done some work for in the past. He was more than happy to take the cases as a class action suit. By the end, I had the manager of the apartments arrested for elderly abuse and neglect, and the entire staff from the top down fired. They had been falsifying paperwork saying they had been inside the apartments, performing routine maintenance, and generally scamming the government for services they didn't actually provide. 

I visited Mary for a while after that, checking in since it didn't seem anyone else had in a long time. She was a wonderful person, and she never deserved to have to live like that. Her health recovered for a while, but time eventually came for her. Ill never forget her, or forgive the people that allowed it to happen in the first place. 

Edit: Thank you all for the amazing feedback on this story. I never thought it would take off the way it did. And a special thank you to whoever gave the silver and golds. 

Edit 2: Yes, I now know there is a category for supernovarevenge. Thanks for letting me know
