# [NUCLEAR - FELINE - REVENGE] CRAZY, ENTITLED NEIGHBOR TRIES TO BLEACH MY SISTERS CAT......CAT GETS REVENGE.....

**Sub:** r/NuclearRevenge  
**Author:** u/RavensArts  
**Score:** 6,067  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/NuclearRevenge/comments/b41t9k/nuclear_feline_revenge_crazy_entitled_neighbor/  

---

I count this as a nuclear revenge story...... but not in the traditional sense.

This happened many years ago.

 My older Sister had this awful, bitchy neighbor who had a serious hard on for Sis's Seal Point Saimese cat - I'll call neighbor CN (for crazy neighbor), sister is Sis, me.....is self explanatory. 

CN was a black haired, plump, 40 something divorcee who annoyed everyone in the neighborhood. She had zero understanding of boundries and liked to come over to people's homes, barge in and look (snoop) around; opening drawers and cabinets and touching their stuff - once she even went into someone's fridge and grabbed herself a ginger ale, then got mad when the homeowner took it back. If you left your door (front or back) unlocked for more than 10 minutes, chances were she'd just come right in. 
She stole yard decorations from other peoples yards and had been caught on more then one occasion pocketing somethibg she'd snagged off a mantle or table of a house she'd invaded - And she would always throw a tantrum when she got busted. Cops had been called on her many times, but she was good at being pathetic, so most people didn't press charges. Unfortunately this made her bolder.

Basically, she was THE entitled bitch of the neighborhood.

Sis was (unfortunately) one of her favorite victims. 

She'd come over (without calling), barge her way in and 'Ask' (demand) to see Sis's cat, telling Sis how beautiful he was and how much she wanted a cat just like him.

 Sis, being rather non confrontational, would let her see the cat (who didn't like the woman) then make her leave (CN never wanted to leave and had to basically be pushed out the door. Oh, and she despised me because I wouldn't let her in when I answered the door, nor would I tolerate her B.S. in any way, if she got past my sister). 

CN was so obsessed with the cat and offered to buy him, many times.

But Sis LOVED that cat. He'd been the runt of the litter and rejected by his mom. My sister had taken him and bottle fed him, mothered him and saved his life. He wasn't a pet, he was her child. So Sis of course always said no. 

This royally pissed off CN.

One day the cat got out (he wasn't an outdoor cat), so Sis and I immediately started looking for him. We were checking the bushes and behind the flower pots in her back yard, when we heard a very distinctive yowl (one of pure Rage), followed by a very human shriek of pain.......coming from CN's house.

 Suddenly, the doggie door on CN's back door slams open and out runs my sister's cat - his tail and one rear paw covered in what smelled like hair bleach (I'm allergic to bleach and immediately recognized smell as he passed me) - dashing past us and into Sis's house.

Next thing you know, CNs back door slams open and out she comes; cursing up a blue streak. Ragged claw marks adorned her left cheek and one of her hands had a deep bite wound that had completely saturated one of the gloves (the kind one gets with any hair coloring kit) she was wearing and running down her hand and arm. 

 Turned out when the cat had gotten out, CN had grabbed him, took him inside, then tried to use hair bleach to bleach the brown out of his tail and paws, in order to change his appearance so she could keep him!

 Unfortunately for her, she didnt know shit about Saimese cats and just how Violent they can be (they were, originally, temple guardians for a REASON lol). The moment CN put that bleach on that cats tail, he went absolutely berserk; letting out that 'Yowl of Rage' we'd heard, clawing up CNs face and sinking his fangs deep into her hand. 

She pushed herself between the bushes (the ones that look like tall, green paint brush heads) Sis used to separate the property line and began yelling. No, not yelling. Shrieking.

She shrieked that Sis's cat had WANDERED into her kitchen, while she was COOKING and when she tried to pick him up, he ATTACKED HER for NO REASON. 

Clearly this was total B.S..

CN then proceeded to call Sis the N word several times (shes half black) and me a effing half-breed-Wetback-slut (I'm half hispanic. We have different dads). She screamed that my Sis was stupid for keeping such a Dangerous Animal and that my Sis would be paying all her medical bills. She then got right in my sister's face, pushed my sister hard in the chest (with her uninjured hand), saying she was calling animal control and intended to HAVE THAT THING PUT DOWN!! 

CN opened her mouth to say (shriek) some more, but my Sis - after hearing that last statement and without one word or warning - hauled off and decked her.

 She landed on her butt in the grass, now clutching her left eye. Sis then loudly suggested CN 'go screw herself with a hot curling iron', then ran inside to find her poor cat, while I called the cops.

The whole thing from start to end, lasted only about 5 minutes.

Sis found him hiding in the laundry room and quickly cleaned him off in the sink.

Meanwhile, CN is still on her ass in our back yard, howling like a bansidhe, until the cops arrived.

 I told them what happened and they later talked to my sister (after she'd tended to her cat), who gave them the same story I did - even admitting to hitting CN....in self defense of course. It didn't hurt her case that CN HAD left a bloody hand print on my sister's shirt when she'd shoved her.


 CN, of course, told them something entirely different. HER story was that she was about to bleach her hair when my sister's cat came in and attacked her. She also said both Sis and I attacked her too - I apparently kicked her in the stomach after Sis punched her, but the cops found no evidence of bruising - and the scratches on her face kind of masked her swelling eye. I also think cops turned a BLIND EYE (pun intended) to it, considering the circumstances, but, since there was a clear bloodtrail leading into CNs open back door, cops felt they had probable cause to go in (I think if CN had been paying more attention, she'd have refused them entry).

 The blood trail led to a sink in the 1st floor bathroom. Blood, cat fur, a bleach applicator and the box it came in were in the sink and on the floor. The cats collar was in the garbage.

CN kept trying to play the victim, but the cops didn't buy it. She got arrested and my sister pressed charges for theft and assault. CN also got nabbed for possession of stolen goods ( cops found a bunch of DVD players and CD players - still in their boxes - sitting on her coffee table and in the spare, room next to her bathroom) and she had a bunch of prescription drug bottles with other peoples names on her kitchen counter (turned out she'd also been stealing neighbors painkillers when she'd Visited them). And, since she was a renter, the property owner gave her the boot for breach of contract. She went to jail and had to pay for the cats vet bill - he was ok, but a bit traumatized and had a yellow patch on his butt, paw and tail for several months.

CN's hand got infected from the cat bite and it turned out it had also caused tendon and nerve damage as well. 

Moral of the story: Stay out of people's houses.......and have the common sense not to mess with a cat named Lucifer.

Edit: I'd like to thank the people who gave me the gold, silver and platinum. It means a great deal to me that you liked and enjoyed this.
