# Grandpa gave up what time he had left for revenge on my behalf.

**Sub:** r/NuclearRevenge  
**Author:** u/1mSickOfYourShit  
**Score:** 5,910  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/NuclearRevenge/comments/bxbbyu/grandpa_gave_up_what_time_he_had_left_for_revenge/  

---

(Tldr at the end)
This is a throwaway account for obvious reasons.
(this story has a few refrences to some triggering things just fyi)
Now ive been debating over posting this or not, but have finally decided i will. This is my grandpas nuclear revenge on my behalf. 

So i guess lets begin its going to be long sorry: 

I grew up dealing with alot of mental health issues, as my mother is a drug addict and my father liked to ignore my Exsistence as im the result of a one night stand while he was married, so needless to stay his wife hated me and there children treated me horribly as well. The only good people i had in my life was my grandma and grandpa on my fathers side, i loved them and spent alot of time at my grandpas buisness (ill explain that a little later)  

Now at 14 everything went further down hill, i wont go into details but my mother almost passed away and i met a man lets name him goat (he looked like one) long story short goat was 25 at the beginning and emotionally, physically and sexually abused me. While i was under the precent that i loved him and it was okay. He pushed me away from my grandparents and isolated me for two years until a friend helped me get out of it. During this next year goat stalked me, threatened me and had me absolutely terrified. I was afraid of going to the police as i didnt want to bring harsh light to my grandpas buisness, and because i was afraid.

I was staying at my friends house for a while during this time, as my panic attacks and what i now know is ptsd was horrible and i hated to be alone. During this time my grandmother passed away, one of the only lights in my life left. So i became worse, i began drinking and going to parties and trying to forget my life. 

Right before my 18th birthday goat made a real life appearance again, on my way back from a big party he jumped me, beat me black and blue and almost killed me. I was found and taken to hospital where they began treating me and as i was underage they asked me to call an adult in my life that they could talk to. I tried to call my father but he didnt pick up, knowing my mother wasnt going to help i had to call my grandfather, he was at the hospital in lightning speed and for the first time in my life i watched this man that had built his own empire really break down, even at my grandmas funeral he didnt cry. I spent two months in hospital, with police questioning me and my grandpa by my side everyday. During this time he met my friend who helped me out of it all at the beginning and became very close to him. 

My grandfather helped me get on my feet for a whole year, until one day he had a large family gathering and socialized the whole time, taking me with him, that night i will never forget, we went to get icecream and then he just hugged me for a very long time, holding me tight and reassuring me everything would be okay. 

The next day my grandpa exacted his revenge. Now my grandpa was the owner of a well off law firm that also had private detectives in a smaller office in his building. He apparently tracked down goat and went about his revenge. My grandpa shot goat three times in the stomach and once in the chest. Goat passed away in the hospital later that day while my grandpa was taken in and soon put in jail for manslaughter which he pleaded guilty to. I never got the chance to visit my grandpa in jail as he passed away soon after in jail from complications.


One week after my grandpas death i got a call from his solicitor.  And he asked me to go in, i was met with a lengthy letter from my grandpa, which was nothing but loving and showed that he had found out he had terminal lung cancer and wouldnt live much longer, but he couldnt happily leave me alone in this world without goat being gone too. My grandpa left almost EVERYTHING to me. At 20 i would inherit the lawfirm and could do as i pleased with it and i inherited 95% of his savings, his house he lived in with grandma and his other assets. 

Incase anyones intrested, i turned 21 last week, im currently working at the lawfirm, my grandpas secretary (now the ceo) has taken over the important things in the building and makes most of the decisions. I spent half the money i was given in locked saving funds for all of the younger family members to go to college when its time. I cut all contact off with my father who tried to steal money from me during the death arrangements of grandpa. My friend mentioned earlier in the story is now my fiance and we are getting married next summer. Im still suffering from ptsd and depression, but its getting better everyday, im in therapy for my ptsd treatment. I got a tattoo for my grandpa and grandma on my back of two lions protecting a cub. I also opened up a safe house for anyone going through abuse of any kind. No matter the race, gender or age im trying to help anyone i can in that situatuion. Besides for what ive put away for later in life im also thinking of opening up the bakery i always wanted and employing the people that need the job and help the most, but im unsure at the moment about that.

My grandpa and grandma was a god send and to this day i miss them greatly but i know i couldnt have changed the stubborn old mans mind even if i tried. 

Im sorry this is long, i tried to make it shorter.


Tldr: my grandfather killed my abuser and left everything the law didnt take to me.

Edit: i wrote a part wrong whoops. My mother didnt die, she almost did.

Edit part two: thank you so much for the gold kind stranger! Also thank you to all these comments, its so uplifting and entertaining to hear people talk so highly of my grandpa. Thank you everyone for being so wholesome and amazing! ❤❤❤
