# Encountered one on reddit - I received platinum a while back and it came with 700 complimentary reddit coins, so I’ve been giving silver to posts/comments that I enjoyed. Apparently it’s not enough. Should’ve probably purchased more RC’s from my money to give them gold MINIMUM.

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/Kuronekostories  
**Score:** 127,770  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/anrtt4/encountered_one_on_reddit_i_received_platinum_a/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Kuronekostories** (23,293 points)

To be fair, I have a bunch of reddit coins now so that’s exactly what I’m doing ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

**u/Kuronekostories** (21,629 points)

Update! I gave him another silver and this has been the conversation so far:

[screenshot ](https://imgur.com/a/h8T7UXk) 

Edit:

I found one more reply from him in my inbox, so far I haven’t seen more though - so [this may be the last one!](https://imgur.com/a/yR89y3H) 

This post has also gotten me invited to [these subreddits](https://imgur.com/a/ywXMbc3) - thought I’d share! On a serious note, thank you. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

**u/quinn_drummer** (18,375 points)

I so want to know who this dude is so I can just follow them around reddit giving them silver from time to time

**u/whiskeyboundcowboy** (18,343 points)

That dude needs to pull a cactus out of his ass and stop being a prick .

Edit : platnium or NEXT!

Edit : First platnium woooo!!

Edit : HI TOBY TANK !

**u/Krazykid1326** (16,091 points)

Gotta love when they dig up post history.

**u/CoMaBlaCK** (15,250 points)

Arguing over reddit coins will literally grow your virginity back.

**u/Whoneedsneighbours** (13,742 points)

Two people gifted me silver for a comment I made . I was chuffed as fuck. No idea what it does but I appreciated being appreciated.

**u/Kuronekostories** (12,762 points)

I can do that

**u/Fujisaaki** (11,319 points)

r/iamatotalpieceofshit

**u/Kuronekostories** (11,048 points)

I just checked, the Daenerys cosplay post was from 38 days ago, so they dug deep

**u/Kuronekostories** (11,015 points)

Thank you for contributing to this noble cause

**u/MidEEBoi** (10,213 points)

Give him another and don’t respond 

Obligatory “EDIT THANK YOU PERSON”

**u/quinn_drummer** (9,714 points)

Haha nice, there's a few more to aid in your work

**u/Kuronekostories** (8,423 points)

[Yes you may](https://imgur.com/a/fJvJ4kG)

**u/Madismom09** (7,866 points)

Ya know because on Reddit you're supposed to pay for the laughs, good grief! Btw I thank you for the information, I didn't know you could use gold to award others on here :)

**u/Kuronekostories** (7,864 points)

Gold??? I want platinum MINIMUM 😤 /s

**u/Toaster_621** (7,481 points)

The real question is.. Can we see your hedgehog?

**u/Kuronekostories** (6,839 points)

Agreed

**u/KylePlane** (6,421 points)

Bold of you to assume it was lost in the first place.

**u/cusehoops98** (5,676 points)

I had to look. Confirmed hot chick.

**u/Kuronekostories** (5,457 points)

That’s how I feel as well! It’s a nice feeling when someone takes their time and money to award a comment or post and thankfully most people on reddit seem to appreciate that

**u/MidEEBoi** (5,055 points)

I just imagine him screeching when someone enjoys his post enough to spend actual money

**u/Kuronekostories** (4,888 points)

I learned my lesson! From now on I’ll give everyone gold or platinum if I as much as smiled at a comment

**u/vondensternen** (4,880 points)

If I had any coins I would give you gold right now just to spite that other person 😅

Edit: My first gold AND platinum! Wow, I am legit over the moon and this whole thread has made my day! Thank you kind strangers! ❤️

**u/SUND3VlL** (4,663 points)

Holy shit. I hope this person is subbed to r/choosingbeggars 

How can someone get pissed about getting hardware? Fuck that. 

Edit: Not platinum? /s 

Thanks for the gold and platinum and silver! I appreciate it.
