# I teach swimming to kids for free even though i was offered money. Mombie demands that I have to teach her son exclusively. And to give her the money offered as i don't need it.

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/pretent_its_witty  
**Score:** 125,179  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/a6okyb/i_teach_swimming_to_kids_for_free_even_though_i/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/[deleted]** (42,947 points)

“I will throw him into the pool at 1 and if something happens to him you’re responsible.”

Mother of the year!

**u/mirandaleecon** (33,888 points)

No wonder her son has anxiety.

Edit: 
1. I’m not giving my gold today. 

2. I was already awarded gold. I can’t be un-awarded gold for everyone. 

Also: Yay, my first gold!

**u/JediAHoles** (28,459 points)

Wow, I lost it when she was gonna throw the kid into the pool and then blame you if he drowns.

**u/HugoStiglitz** (23,050 points)

OP can you reply faster?     
Edit: Thank you for my first silver. NEXT!

**u/lovebitebirthmark** (17,966 points)

No wonder why she’s single..

**u/TouchMyAwesomeButt** (17,481 points)

You should totally forward this to the person that gave her your number. So she can't lie and complain to the other parents about you. And so that you can use this to ask all the parents that if they wish to forward someone to you, that they cannot give out your number, but can give you the number of the person instead.

**u/blacksoxing** (16,659 points)

&gt; I am in the office. I won't be able to respond right away.


&gt; Wow, that's rude. 

I promise...y'all are the nicest folks ever to continue these conversations. WAY too nice. Maybe that's why I'll never have a convo to post on here. Someone hit me with that and it's a done deal...I'm muting/blocking/taking my time.

**u/pretent_its_witty** (16,608 points)

She is a very sweet stay at home mom in my apartment complex. She asked me if I can teach her son when she saw that I swim often. Then she said some other moms were also interested. Poor lady was so guilty and she kept apologising and offering to pay also. I told her to give my number to anyone in the complex who were interested. I personally know all the moms of the kids and they know about me. If this idiot bad mouths me, they d throw her out of the complex probably. 

And all of them have helped me around a lot (even before I started teaching) because I am the only tenant who is here single and every others are occupied by family.

**u/abraburger** (12,648 points)

The image is pretty funny tbh. She waits staring at her watch and just hucks her kid in the pool at 1:00 sharp and it's in god's hands.

**u/ronin1066** (12,179 points)

Could you respond faster?

**u/pretent_its_witty** (10,650 points)

I wish I had stopped talking at that point.

**u/scrubforest** (8,944 points)

you are privaledged. you don’t need the top comment. You should give it to me.

**u/princessvaginaalpha** (7,580 points)

If you had stopped the exchange we wouldn't have this gold.

**u/DisparityByDesign** (7,532 points)

Wow you are such a selfish bitch.

So, tomorrow at 1?

**u/Origami84** (7,197 points)

The correct reaction is to ask for her name and her kid's name, and then tell her they are both banned from your classes.

**u/cRaZyDaVe23** (6,700 points)

That wasn't fast enough, NEXT!!

**u/BlakeGarrison62** (6,556 points)

Truly one of the greats

**u/jrs1980** (6,440 points)

“Mom, why are you doing this?” “I’m not doing anything! This is pretent_its_witty’s fault!”

**u/ConfusedSkrillex** (6,145 points)

Paying someone to teach their kids?

**u/HealinVision** (5,942 points)

LOL "actually, charge everyone else and free for only me and give me the money" 😂

What will you do if her and her kid show up to your class with the other kids?

**u/Efreshwater5** (5,793 points)

No wonder everyone's selfish and rude these days.

Edit: (Unhelpful, not rude)

**u/RyanWilliams704** (5,740 points)

And you wonder why the kid has anxiety 🤔

**u/gone11gone11** (5,000 points)

I lost it at "wow that's rude" and "can you reply faster" 🤣

**u/pretent_its_witty** (4,901 points)

That's the part I didn't understand either

**u/McNigget** (4,554 points)

If you got gold you should give it to me. I’m a single mom and you’re privileged, I need the gold more than you. You should give it to me. Hello??
