# A brilliant way to deal with "influencers"

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/DataIsMyCopilot  
**Score:** 109,779  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/bjx5wl/a_brilliant_way_to_deal_with_influencers/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/rough-seas-ahead** (11,767 points)

Influencers are going absolutely nuts over the news that Zuck is going to be trialling 'invisible likes' on Instagram. It makes my heart happy.

**u/souris101** (6,925 points)

this IS brilliant!

**u/bud_hasselhoff** (4,521 points)

If an influencer actually obliged, it would even be a solid transaction.

**u/Daeveed** (4,203 points)

This started today in Canada. 
Basically on Instagram now i can’t see how many likes people in my feed have, but I can tap on ‘Others’ and see everybody who liked that post, I just can’t see the total number. 
On my own posts it’s the same, but i can see the total number of likes if I tap on ‘Others’.

**u/MichaelScottOfReddit** (3,290 points)

Yeah, I mean if you are actually an influencer then 10 in 30 days shouldn't be a lot at all.

Problem is anyone with an Instagram account that posts selfies start calling themselves influencers. It's like the guys at my uni who start calling themselves DJs as soon as they get a MacBook.

**u/Micktrex** (1,683 points)

That seems...like a really fair deal? If the influencer (god I hate that term) genuinely liked your merch then why would they not try to get their followers to buy it with a discount?

They’re so eager to say ‘if you give me this for free I’ll promote you and give you sooo much exposure’ but when it comes down to it the effort of trying to actually promote something when they’re out of pocket is apparently too much.

Perhaps they don’t give two shits about giving creators exposure and are more interested in humble bragging about what they got for free.

Perhaps.

**u/JulianneRL** (1,435 points)

Heck I’m no one online and I would take the offer.
Plus it darn brilliant and fair. And you don’t miss out on genuine offer. And it’s polite. And it drives CBs away. It’s great!! Should be the new standard!!

**u/BastradofBolton** (1,255 points)

Huh, I’m here too and this hasn’t happened yet. They must just be trialing on some people first.

Edit(+6hrs): Looks like IG is listening lads because it's changed now.

**u/banjowashisnameo** (1,181 points)

CBs are not interested in logic, they will jist abuse and call you names

**u/thewarreturns** (970 points)

Instagram was listed as the top site for inducing stress and mental health issues of social media apps. So In an effort to help with that, Instagram is testing not being able to see the exact number of likes on photos. They want to promote better content, not numbers.

**u/ferroramen** (954 points)

It's called A/B testing. A feature or change is released to a subset of users, and tracked&amp;monitored to see how it performs. After analyzing results, either scrap it or release to everyone.

Almost all changes are done like this nowadays for every app that can afford the effort.

**u/Daeveed** (914 points)

Weird. This is what it looks like for me.  https://i.imgur.com/67EeX51.jpg

**u/bud_hasselhoff** (701 points)

I N F L U E N C E R

**u/sumaclover** (588 points)

Clean buttocks

**u/DoubleJumps** (578 points)

I had one ask for free merchandise from my business, and I told them I'd give it to them but under certain conditions and they got incredibly angry and insulting after I told them that there would be any conditions whatsoever.

The only condition I gave them was that I didn't want them disassembling or destroying things on video.  these weren't even products that are meant to be disassembled, you'd have to pretty much saw the thing in half, at which point you just go "oh wow it is solid plastic"

They told me that I'd never get as much exposure without them etc etc.  

They blew up about it.  People were telling me later on that they were bad-mouthing me on their social media for a month.

**u/scott60561** (538 points)

When I look at "influencers" on Twitter and who they follow and who follows them, I realize its usually one big circle jerk of other influencers who trade likes and follows. 

So if everyone is shouting into a circle about the influence they have and how everything should be free, no one is actually being influenced and no products are getting sold. Completely useless.

**u/Glordit** (443 points)

&gt; genuinely liked your merch then why would they not try to get their followers to buy it with a discount?

The problem is that, they are selling a *lifestyle* that a great deal of their followers simply can not afford.

**u/BastradofBolton** (397 points)

Yeah that’s strange. I’m not sure how to upload to show but mine is the same except it says “xxx others” to show how many.

**u/Tyafastics** (393 points)

Buy several hundred items, make 10 new emails, buy a mug on each email with coupon code.

**u/Lord_Voltan** (329 points)

i N f L u N c E r

**u/DataIsMyCopilot** (325 points)

Yeah it happens a lot in MLM, too. Like my aunt will post some obvious sales post about how great her life is now, and the *only* people responding are the ones in the same ~~cult~~ company.

**u/DoubleJumps** (306 points)

That's fine, if they want to pay money for product and then destroy it themselves I don't care, but I, to at least some substantial degree, hand make everything that my business sells, so I don't want people just destroying it for shits and giggles if I give it to them.

**u/DaWayItWorks** (296 points)

DJ iNFlueNcEr

**u/Lemonyellow1** (294 points)

That's interesting! I left Facebook because it was inducing stress, and I find Instagram much better, but I only pay attention to people I follow and it's mostly cats lol

**u/myeff** (285 points)

I don't get this, can somebody ELI5?
