# My brother, the most entitled asshole I’ve ever met in my entire life. The “I’m telling mom” part killed me. I’m 25 and he’s 23 for reference. I called my mom right away and told her about this and she just laughed and said he’s an idiot for not taking the deal.

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/[deleted]  
**Score:** 104,331  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/demqfj/my_brother_the_most_entitled_asshole_ive_ever_met/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/NoCiabatta9** (24,565 points)

Can u please give him a $20 bill for Christmas and tell him to go buy an Apple Watch with it

**u/sarcasticah** (15,758 points)

Omggggg I will do this!!!!

**u/sarcasticah** (8,229 points)

Oh my god I love this idea. I’m so petty I might do this

**u/ZackuraNSX** (7,961 points)

Moving labor at $100/hr??

Yo is your brother hiring?

**u/Blacktoll** (7,339 points)

Your brother fucking sucks. I can't even recall the many times I've helped my sisters move.

**u/Nac82** (6,725 points)

I would put the 20 dollar bill in my old apple watch box and wrap it up.

**u/genesis49** (5,201 points)

Wow, I helped my sister move her entire home into a second floor apt for a couple slices of pizza and some ice water.

**u/sarcasticah** (4,449 points)

He’s honestly a terrible person

**u/Gold-Guy-Games** (4,059 points)

Frame the bill too :)

**u/DeadEyedAdmin** (3,636 points)

$100 is what a company would charge that has overhead, employees, truck, insurance, etc. $18 an hour is what the actual guys would pull.....or push.

**u/juanwon7** (2,723 points)

Please film it for the internet points.

Edit: also don’t forget to put something of similar weight to the watch in the box for authenticity.

**u/sarcasticah** (1,863 points)

You’re awesome

**u/totallytotally421** (1,574 points)

Have one of your brothers friends come help you move the stuff around and give them the watch.

**u/phil127** (1,442 points)

$18 an hour is damn good for that type of work too. A number of my friends did this type of work in college, none of them got over 15 an hour.

**u/d_grizzle** (1,376 points)

Because apple watches don't weigh 30 pounds.

**u/Emerystones** (1,345 points)

So $20 in dimes?

**u/Unlicensed_user** (1,317 points)

Not with that attitude they don’t.

**u/IndigoMichigan** (1,308 points)

By the sounds of it, Fortnite would be a good place to start 👌

**u/Fredrick_Dinkledick** (1,115 points)

Imagine being in your early twenties and saying "I'm telling mom!" out loud, without jest.

**u/ZacharyRS94** (1,095 points)

“Here I got you an Apple Watch” 

*opens box to reveal $20 bill*

“You should be able to buy any Apple Watch with that much, it’s more than they’re even worth!”

**u/sarcasticah** (1,030 points)

Haha I’m thinking about sending him screenshots but my brother is honestly kind of crazy and I don’t think I want to start shit. I already know how he’ll react and I just don’t wanna deal with him

**u/AcidPlanets** (940 points)

damn i’ll help you move shit for an apple watch 😂

**u/Amphibious_Fire** (921 points)

Yeah he sounds like typical spoiled younger sibling. I’m sorry for you, me and my brother always help each other out without calculating the price of the help, it’s ridiculous. Your offer was generous and he’s an idiot for not taking it

**u/sarcasticah** (916 points)

😂😂😂 that’s a good idea but I don’t even know how to contact any of his friends

**u/JB_Wong** (749 points)

Your brother and I have a very different view of what is manual labor.
