# Two years ago I saw that guy with the gas can begging for money. Tried to give him four dollars, but he said he doesn’t take anything less than five. After that I saw him there everyday for months. Turns out he’s a fraud with a new Jeep and a nice house. Been following him with this sign since.

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/Ericalva91  
**Score:** 102,027  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/bdkzxt/two_years_ago_i_saw_that_guy_with_the_gas_can/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/safyrmoon** (11,691 points)

I bet he really loves that. LOL

**u/morkler** (6,726 points)

If I see a gas can I instantly assume it's BS.  I travel for work and everytime I go to this one town, I see the same guy at the same gas station with his gas can.  Now what are the odds that this SOB is STILL out of gas?  What's even more funny is that it is a small town so everyone has to know.  He must be there just to prey on the tourists.

**u/bananasplitsyourgirl** (6,177 points)

I love how he’s just in the background glaring in their direction. So perfect

**u/Ericalva91** (4,369 points)

He just walks away. I messed up on the sign. It’s totally see through. If I doubled up on the board he wouldn’t have been able to read what it said and stayed longer. Oh well.

**u/Ron-Swanson-Mustache** (3,569 points)

I've helped people out who were saying they were out of gas. But I don't give them money. I offer to buy them gas. I tell them to pull up at a pump and I'll do it.

I've had a couple of people suddenly not need gas. And I've had a very nice family pull their van up and I filled it up. It really weeds these scammers out.

EDIT: Since this came up; I've never had anyone ask for gas at anywhere but a gas station. The people who did take the gas already were sitting at a gas pump. I didn't know that when I said I would buy them gas as it was just a guy who approached me and asked for gas as I was walking inside. It's my standard response and I didn't think he would say yes. Instead he showed me where their beater old van was. It was him, what appeared to be his wife, and 2 small children. The lady was tearing up the while I put gas in and he was just profusely thanking me. It really humbled me how much $20 can mean to someone who really does need it and that not everyone's just trying to make a quick buck.

If a person asked me to give them a ride back to their car after agreeing to take the gas, well, I would go based on the situation. I grew up in rural Texas before cell phones and my Dad would always stop for people on the side of the road. We would give them a ride no matter how shady they looked because it could mean a walk for miles if we didn't. But they would always ride in the back of the truck. 

So I grew up being taught "help people who need it, but be wary of people trying to use that kindness against you".

**u/CautiousJoke** (3,060 points)

How did he react

**u/downvote-if-butthurt** (2,708 points)

"I'll give you $4.99 if you smile for our picture."

**u/Kos-ensues** (2,327 points)

I had this old lady come up to me crying one day saying she just found out her sister passed a way and she needed money for gas to get to her city. I gave her $10. About a month later same lady with the same story comes up to me and I said “ wow another sister died? Hopefully next time it’s you.” The tears immediately stopped and she just walked away.

**u/DeposeableIronThumb** (1,785 points)

Is this on the border of Arizona and California?

**u/HillaryWon1** (1,590 points)

Yup, same goes for people claiming they need a few bucks to eat. I once offered to buy something at the restaurant next door to the place where a guy was begging for money for food. Wouldn't you know it? He had some bogus reason for why he couldn't eat there and needed cash instead.

**u/Ericalva91** (1,358 points)

Yeah.

**u/emeneter** (1,179 points)

"I don't take anything less than five. Sorry mate!"

**u/JohnGalt1776** (1,012 points)

Good for you, man. I’ve met a few ‘homeless’ who actually had a decent standard of living and just panhandled because it made more per hour than actually working. 

On a side note, I could see this format having meme potential

**u/silvapain** (892 points)

You can’t buy crack with a Big Mac

**u/Ericalva91** (771 points)

Let me clear it up. The sign stays in my car and if I see him I bust it out. He leaves right after that to his other two preferred spots. I follow him there then he goes home when he sees me. Since March 2017 I’ve done this maybe 7 times. So just a few times a year.

**u/ama_deus** (767 points)

Right by the Flying J with the built-in Wendy’s! Classic pit stop on the drive from LA to Phoenix.

**u/crazysquaregamer** (746 points)

thats a gamble and a half that im not willing to take because i know my luck that she actually would have had two sisters die and i would look like a massive dick

**u/Arklelinuke** (728 points)

Yeah I've bought food for homeless people a few times. I don't give them anything if they ask for money, but if they ask for something to eat I will get them something to eat if I'm able to.

**u/shardikprime** (691 points)

NEXT!

**u/Satsumomo** (616 points)

Benefits of living in a first world country, other places he'd probably be shot/stabbed for daring to call him out.

**u/superduperswaggy** (612 points)

I’ve had a homeless fellow literally deny the food I handed him and say you should have just given me the money.

**u/Gopackgo6** (584 points)

It’s for a Jeep hunny

**u/Kos-ensues** (568 points)

It definitely crossed my mind but her story was exactly the same and even her crying and “ pauses” when speaking were the same. I could tell she had the performance down. 8/10 acting, 10/10 POS.

**u/rockpileindisma** (562 points)

Had one of these guys knock on my door with a gas can. I said look pal I’ll do you one better, I have a big ole can in the back filled to the brim I’m about to take with me to the offroad park, let’s go fill you up. He said ok and when I went to meet him around back he had bolted lol

**u/kinky_snorlax** (557 points)

Tbh still depends on where you are in the first world country. You could still definitely get shot/stabbed.
