# Military Spouse Demanding to Have her next Meal for Free

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/Febrile_Penis  
**Score:** 101,838  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/ejewev/military_spouse_demanding_to_have_her_next_meal/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Skatingraccoon** (14,714 points)

This really sickens me. How do people even develop this kind of mentality??

**u/[deleted]** (9,974 points)

I went to high school outside a military town. Infantry grunts, but it still drew a lot of these parasites. They're women who have no real prospects of their own, and certainly aren't brave enough to enlist themselves. So they latch on to some dumb PFC, pop out six kids, join a pyramid scheme, and pretend to be the royalty they know they'll never truly be.

&amp;#x200B;

EDIT: Thanks for the gold, you magnificent bastards! Glad my salty nonsense is so damn popular!

**u/ArchaicMachine** (9,728 points)

Bitch had the nerve to put a smiley at the end of that giant fuck you.

**u/Obscure_Things** (8,169 points)

So not only do they want free drinks they are implying that being in a relationship with someone in the military is harder than actually being in the military

**u/meralexpierce** (6,274 points)

Military Spouse here. Common mentality in the spouse community. Starbucks gives them a free coffee on Veterans Day and they start to think they deserve it. Lots of places VERY GRACIOUSLY honor military spouses by giving them a small discount also. It just feeds the big head. I joined a spouse support group when I had to uproot my life and career and leave my friends and family to move across the country with my husband. I immediately left the group. Bunch of needy entitled weirdos looking for free stuff or just wanting to talk constantly

**u/Justforfan** (6,053 points)

I want to see what happens when one military spouse is selling something and another military spouse wants it for free.

**u/sarcastic_patriot** (3,805 points)

I don't get how someone can be so insane to try and exploit their husband risking his life. 

"My husband is willing to die for your freedom, so give me free drinks!"

**u/LilG1984** (3,765 points)

"My husband's rank,outranks your husband,so give it to me for free!" Is the likely scenario.

**u/[deleted]** (3,278 points)

That might be the part that pisses me off the most. Like “hey, friendly reminder that next time, you should give me free drinks and thank me.”

**u/ItCouldaBeenMe** (2,883 points)

Yeah, getting blown up thousands of miles away from home is bad, but have you ever BEEN DISRESPECTED BY AN MP?!?

**u/HurricaneBetsy** (2,509 points)

#### *No tip!!*



That's what the real issue is here. This entitled bitch thinks she should drink for free. Ok, fine.

But she takes it out on the server making a few dollars an hour and relies on tips?

That's what killed me.

You want to write a paragraph at the bottom of the receipt? Fine, but don't screw over the human being trying to make a living.

**EDIT:** For all the US commenters who disagree with tipping or the foreign ones unfamiliar, tipping 15-20% ***for good to excellent service*** in restaurants is how servers make a living.

That's how it works in the United States. 

Servers are wholly dependent on tips to earn a living. That's why it's deplorable when people get good to excellent service and tip poorly.

You can disagree with the policy all you want but at the end of the day *if you tip poorly for good service*, you are directly screwing over another human being who made sure you enjoyed your dining experience, waiting on you hand and foot. That's all.

Don't punish the human being trying to earn a living. The tipping system has been in place for a long time in the US, and love or hate it, that's how it works. There's a lot of systems I disagree with but I don't punish the people at the bottom just trying to make a living.

**u/ResidentOwl** (2,329 points)

"...Also, a tip? Are you fucking joking?! My husband is in the MILITARY."

**u/husbandbulges** (2,205 points)

Did you pick which MLM scam to be involved in yet??

A dear friend married a guy in the military and followed him to his base, leaving her job and grad school. She said other women started out so nice but they all had an angle - they wanted her to buy/sell their work from home MLM crap. When she declined, the coffee invites dried right up and they basically shunned her.

**u/Skatingraccoon** (1,767 points)

Well, being a military spouse *is* the hardest job in the military (rolls eyes).

But yeah it's disturbing. Thankfully never experienced this first hand at least.

**u/jomelle** (1,496 points)

Another thing is that the military inadvertently incentivizes marriage. When you’re 19, living in the barracks, and trying to pay off your new car you stupidly just purchased at 15% interest, getting married sounds like a great idea. 

You get out of the barracks and are rewarded with an extra 1,500 (more or less depending where you’re stationed and the local cost of living) a month in your paycheck to pay rent, or, you are given a lovely house on base to live in rent free. At 19 you’re probably horny the majority of the day (as a male) and the idea of having a wife at home who will put out regularly sounds great. 

When I was in the Air Force, I saw guys do things so insane in regards to marriage and getting out of the barracks that I can’t even talk about it because it just sounds like I’m making it up to embellish a story.

**u/theebees21** (1,207 points)

“Well my husband outranks YOURS, so you have to pay me double!”

**u/Sun_shine24** (1,074 points)

It’s not my HUSBAND’S rank, it’s OUR rank.

**u/PrimemevalTitan** (1,052 points)

Sure, PTSD is bad, but I DIDN'T GET FREE STUFF!

**u/mamahazard** (1,044 points)

r/entitledbitch seems more appropriate, damn.

**u/Jwschorn** (960 points)

Prior active duty here- this was all too common. We would have dependas demand salutes at the base gate because "MY HUSBAN A LT HUR DUR" or you would have dependas pulling rank on each other at the commissary.  Disgusting.

I remember when I was an new E3 going to the commissary and having a depanda try and cut me in line and pulling their husbands rank. I stood my ground despite the temper tantrum. She demanded the name of my shop supervisor and organization and promised to end my career over the spat. Fortunately she had no power at all, and her husband who was one if our aircrew actually brought me a 6 pack and apologized a few days later.

Later during my enlistment after I was married, the wife checked out the community of military spouses at our base. It was nothing but entitled bored housewives trying to sell essential oils or kicking up drama that inevitably resulted in reflecting poorly on the service member. Luckily she stayed clear of that toxic cancer. 

Those spouse clubs are just an echo chamber where they all start to reinforce each other that this kinda shit like in the OP is ok. I'm sure some are ok, but in my experience it's worth punching out as soon as you see any red flags like this.

**u/Mavman72** (953 points)

Thank you for your Cervix.

**u/fakeaccount572** (846 points)

that's like living in Utah.

**u/DuxM_yard** (827 points)

Holy crap, if that dependa can afford a $12 drink, she needs to pay the server for bringing it to her lazy ass.

**u/TJay725** (785 points)

10 + 0 = 10

#CONTRIBUTION
