# CB thinks I'm a chat bot...

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/omegaweapon  
**Score:** 97,788  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/b5tvd9/cb_thinks_im_a_chat_bot/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/BuckySpanklestein** (10,283 points)

Read through.  You delivered in the end.  Thanks!

Note: Scrotums are always funny.  Always.

**u/andykeily18** (5,265 points)

Should've done the 'tap all photos where you can see a scrotum' to follow up.

**u/omegaweapon** (3,900 points)

I feel i need to add this to every post (I post alot). I own a busy business that I'm sick of. I get 30 or so queries a day so inevitably there's a CB or 2 each day.

**u/GiddiOne** (3,802 points)

He went for the low hanging fruit

**u/osmarks** (2,682 points)

def respond_to(message):
        if (("won't" in message or "not" in message) and "pay" in message) or "too much" in message:
            return "All prices are fixed unless you are ordering 5 or more."


All done, you can pay me in exposure.

**u/dijon_snow** (1,904 points)

Maybe you should look into programming a bot to handle initial inquiries.

**u/Ymir24** (1,755 points)

And it's all mirrors.

**u/m053486** (1,512 points)

That was pretty great.  


This also reminds me of my time in plumbing supply.  Our shop was open to the public, and there was nothing better than Johnny Homeowner buying a water heater at the same time Jim Plumber was.  


Plumbers paid less because they bought 20+ in a year.  This was nearly impossible for the average homeowner to understand.  


&amp;#x200B;

**u/FlyUpMyButt** (1,240 points)

thought this said minors. good lord

**u/Klony99** (1,207 points)

Must be executable. NEXT.

**u/normal_wasabi** (1,068 points)

*dangling*

**u/Iwilllieawake** (1,063 points)

Lol as if a bot would be programmed to call someone else a bot and put a captcha that says scrotum

**u/m053486** (622 points)

I watched a handful of customers fuck themselves SO hard trying to cheap out.

Best was a guy who wanted to put a new sink/faucet in his upstairs bathroom. Problem is his house is early 20th century with cast-iron pipes.

I’m pretty immediately working on convincing him this is a bad idea, but he wasn’t having it. We had one of our biggest plumbers in at the same time, he overhears and OFFERS to get a crew to him (note the area was absolutely BANANAS with new construction so most plumbers were 3+ weeks out for bookings). 

Dude still insists on doing it himself...IIRC he was a retired professor, so clearly he was smart enough to figure this stuff out on his own. No way he’s gonna pay some idiot 300 bucks to come do something as simple as tie a modern fixture into 100+ year old plumbing.

Confident in his plan dude starts constructing Frankenstein’s monster of an adapter...gonna go cast iron Fernco’d to black iron nipple to PVC to PEX....which he’s gonna bury in his wall with zero plumbing or construction/remodeling experience.

Shockingly things went tits-up for him. Two days later he’s calling our shop for “that plumber’s number.” Dennis (the plumber) tells him he’s 3+ weeks out lol. Homeowner (probably) calls every other plumber in the book and gets the same answer (probably). Ends up booking Dennis to come out in 3 weeks...along with hardwood flooring guys, a specialized crew for the walls he’d ruined, etc.

Went from replacing a faucet to remodeling damn near the whole house lol. And we DID warn him.

**u/unfeelingzeal** (573 points)

&gt;customer service  
  
&gt;&gt;complaints  
  
&gt;&gt;&gt;put me through to customer service  
  
&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;put me through to complaints  
  
&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;i want to speak to management  
  
&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;real person please  
  
&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;speak to a real person    
  
well...he tried. he really, really tried.

**u/quaybored** (529 points)

Dickhead you are a bot

**u/Normbags** (477 points)

And then johnny homeowner doesn't realise that it could possibly be cheaper to get Jim Plumber to fit it as there's a chance that he doesn't sell his parts at list price

**u/gregsticlegaming** (396 points)

S C R O T U M

**u/withoutprivacy** (351 points)

policy.py.exe

**u/dozeffect** (340 points)

CBs have a mind of their own

**u/XHF2** (327 points)

You should have kept raising the price little by little every time he asks again.

**u/somebodystolemyname** (307 points)

I love the fact that the person is completely oblivious and I bet they’re thinking “wow fuck this stupid computer, they’re not gonna force me to use technology”!

**u/osmarks** (307 points)

@echo off
    python3 bot.py

You have to pay me for delivery, though.

**u/Klony99** (265 points)

Can you include a batch file FOR FREE?

**u/UnbrokenRyan** (257 points)

I love how tech illiterate people think the entirety of the internet works like google. Where you type in your request and it just happens for you.

**u/DancesWithPugs** (256 points)

Black Iron Nipple is my new band's name
