# They’ve had to explain this to Choosey Beggars so many times, they have a list.

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/RelentlesslyCrooked  
**Score:** 97,771  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/evqbsi/theyve_had_to_explain_this_to_choosey_beggars_so/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/SuperJTB2015** (9,496 points)

Imagine giving someone a haircut and they just piss themselves

**u/Vwracer** (4,022 points)

i have kids, i can imagine

**u/DennisJay** (3,393 points)

Significant assumptions about my hair appointments.  You dont know me.

**u/basylica** (1,883 points)

I mean ONE time you bite your stylist and take a dump on the shop floor and they are all “you are not welcome here anymore”

Pfffttt

**u/turtlefishdragon** (1,656 points)

I have imagine, I don't have to kids.

**u/JitGoinHam** (1,537 points)

&gt;8\. Your hairdresser doesn’t have to give you a sanitary trim

Of course they don’t *have* to. That’s why I go to Supercuts.

**u/Roosteryster** (927 points)

I imagine having kids. I don't have to

**u/BooItsKate** (925 points)

If I had to clean out a dog’s anal glands I would charge a lot more than groomers actually do. I’m honestly shocked that grooming isn’t more expensive.

**u/BluFox26** (639 points)

Kids imagine. I don't have to.

**u/Chefitutide** (531 points)

I have imaginary kids.

**u/unholymole1** (492 points)

Kind of like, you build bridges your whole life, but fuck 1 goat. You're forever remembered as a goat fucker. Not a bridge builder.

**u/NOTaVelociraptr** (492 points)

Ok, NOW my question is why does my haircut cost *more* than my dog's groom?

**u/LockDown2341** (491 points)

I don't have to imagine kids.

**u/gatman12** (464 points)

&gt;  medical gloves at staples,

I read this as "medical gloves and staples" the first time.

**u/northxblue** (447 points)

Imaginary kids. I don't have them.

**u/Thricegreatestone** (409 points)

I have no imagination and no kids!

**u/[deleted]** (385 points)

I do it myself at home. It’s not that bad and my groomer doesn’t have to do it. It stinks but whatever. So does picking up her shit.

My vet showed me how to do it, bought some medical gloves at staples, throw her in the tub and bam. Clean ass glands

**u/The_Outcast4** (368 points)

Even if they offered, I would highly advise NOT getting a sanitary trim from a discount/budget stylist.

**u/[deleted]** (332 points)

What dog owner doesn’t clean the eye boogers off their dog? That’s weird

**u/brentme** (276 points)

My cat cleans the eye boogies off my dog for me

**u/BeBa420** (274 points)

Oh tell me about it 

You eat one person and suddenly you’re a cannibal. I’m a baker, a factory manager, a vegan, a doctor who fan and a chronic masturbator

But no. Nobody wants to hear about that. Nobody cares about my gluten free olive loaf, or my 10tb collection of VR porn. All they ever ask is how he tasted and how I made the soufflé 

People, can’t live with em, can’t eat em all

**u/AllYouNeedIsJoy** (247 points)

So did you know that dogs spray anal juice when they are scared?   
Because I certainly didn't before I took a job as a dog washer.

**u/RoseOfSharonCassidy** (233 points)

It's really quick and most people tip well for it, so I didn't mind doing it when I was a groomer.  People who work with animals have a different standard of "gross" haha.

**u/BvbblegvmBitch** (207 points)

I had an old lady pee herself in my chair once while she was getting a perm. Felt really bad for her cause she was really embarrassed. Couldn't get the stain out of the chair so ended up getting a new one.
