# I get a lot of DMs daily from teen tiktok “stars” asking for free stuff from my business, and here’s an example

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/dakotaraptors  
**Score:** 97,717  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/i3okxn/i_get_a_lot_of_dms_daily_from_teen_tiktok_stars/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Redbearbunny** (9,267 points)

Only the 3 most expensive things ?
Wow .

**u/dakotaraptors** (6,102 points)

Ikr? The most expensive items from my store are literally $15 and under.

**u/Artyfang** (5,840 points)

It’s funny because they think a potential sponsor wouldn’t..... I don’t know... VERIFY THE ENGAGEMENT CLAIMS

**u/dakotaraptors** (3,041 points)

I get second hand embarrassment from these messages. Some of them are a whopping four paragraph essay and they have the common theme of telling me how many followers they have on tiktok, how many views, their Instagram following, etc. I’m like dawg?????????????? just get a job. If you have time to write Martin Luther’s 95 theses you have time to write a resume, get a job, and support a small business by purchasing from it.

Some info: lol she’s not a kid she’s 19. And thanks to everyone who dmed offering to purchase something from my store but I prefer to stay anonymous on reddit. All my items cater to teen girls but I’m sure all you men would look amazing in my butterfly earrings. Here are some answers for what some of you asked: I started in June of this year (if you want to learn some more info about the business side of things I’d be more than happy to share so shoot me a dm), Instagram is a horrible platform to be noticed on unless you pay for ads, I’m not a business major (computer science), and I’m the same age as the beggars.

**u/dakotaraptors** (2,956 points)

Most of them lie about this. Last week or two weeks ago I had three “Pinterest” influencers (didn’t even know that’s a thing) ask me for free stuff and all three of them lied about their engagement.

Pinterest influencer request: https://m.imgur.com/a/AfYczOA
Homegirl sent me an entire senior thesis

And I KNOW MY PHONE’S ABOUT TO DIE BUT WE HAVE A POWER OUTAGE bruh

**u/octopus-god** (2,917 points)

Well shame on you, that’s not a lot to pay for the free advertising you’d be getting! /s

**u/dakotaraptors** (2,142 points)

Damn you’re so right I could’ve made -$35 
But in all seriousness: i did some calculations and the amount of profit I could’ve lost sending all of them free stuff would’ve totaled to a whole ass share of APPL

**u/Free_Hat_McCullough** (1,139 points)

Like a few hearts are supposed to make up for begging for free stuff.

PG&amp;E: You owe us $127.92 this month.

Me: 💕💖💕

**u/Artyfang** (1,030 points)

I just find it hilarious that they think any business would just blindly accept the numbers. All the other stuff aside about influencers, this is just one more thing that proves how desperate and dumb they can be

**u/1-more** (786 points)

I’ve heard of a thing someone said where they give influencers an offer: they pay for the item and make the video, but you give them a discount code. If you sell xyz items with the code you’ll refund them. Could be a fun strategy with the ones who actually have a following (if that ever happens).

**u/dakotaraptors** (784 points)

My college: you owe us $20,000 in student loans

Me: 😘😘💕💕not my problem 💕💕💕

**u/Jenna_Sampson** (737 points)

I have 42 followers and 0 videos made. Send me free stuff anyways!

**u/TopMacaroon** (611 points)

I have a friend who does clothing, he says he offers to give them codes to use on the website and if they can get 100 sales with the codes they can have free stuff, so far only one person even took the codes and got a whopping zero sales for him.

**u/dakotaraptors** (427 points)

Ok send me ur address right now

**u/FNLN_taken** (407 points)

I imagine its a numbers game, however I find it hard to believe that it works at all. I mean, at least the Nigerian Prince has near unlimited grandmas to go after.

**u/ConcealedPsychosis** (391 points)

Because they just want free stuff and have no real intentions on helping the business they may do one 15 second video or they get the stuff then never heard from again

**u/Accidental_Shadows** (374 points)

"I'm a Pinterest influencer, I've clogged up 4.2 billion Google image search results with my unrelated bullshit pictures"

**u/Jenna_Sampson** (359 points)

WOOHOO! 

Dear diary,
Totally scammed someone today.

**u/liquid155** (333 points)

You can't put a price on EXPOSURE.

You literally can't. It's not worth anything.

**u/DrTommyNotMD** (290 points)

APPL is an available name still. AAPL is going for over $430 a share right now though.

**u/repKyle1995** (289 points)

I don't understand how someone could possibly be such an egotistical entitled piece of human garbage. It is beyond my understanding.

**u/jfcreno** (277 points)

Stupid question here and I apologize if it gets asked a lot. Why don’t influencers approach small businesses, state what they plan to actually BUY from them, and then ask to do things like interviews to really showcase and highlight the small business that way? Maybe have an agreement that if this drives business there is a percentage of sales for 2 months they get? Idk, just seems like influencers offer nothing of substance but ask for everything in return.

**u/HouStoned42** (251 points)

That's the weirdest part about it. 

You think they'd be like "hey, I loved piece X, Y, and Z," but instead it's "idgaf what they are, so long as it's something expensive that I get for free"

**u/dakotaraptors** (250 points)

Oops my b. I meant aapl. Basically most people ask for 4-5 items and I profit around $10 per item, so I would lose $40-$50 per person in terms of my overall profit. And if I send 2-6 people what they want each day I’d lose mad money

**u/-Aegle-** (250 points)

This seems like a really good strategy.
