# It always gets worse with Christmas

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/tellemifyoulike  
**Score:** 97,520  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/eebj66/it_always_gets_worse_with_christmas/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/BananaBarfer** (3,829 points)

One of my favorite posts on here was someone saying they already told their kid they could have it and the OP replied with "well un-tell them."

**u/buco16** (1,928 points)

Yes I love this and also when the buyer says you have ruined my kids Christmas and the seller replys with. You may find this hard to believe but I really don't care about your kids

**u/BluffinBill1234** (754 points)

I find it hard to believe the good Christmas/bad Christmas was teetering on an interaction with a stranger on a Craigslist post or something. Chances are it was gonna blow anyway, kid.

**u/peter-vankman** (533 points)

Should more be like... " My child has cancer"

**u/ThisIsTrix** (475 points)

That's between you and your child. That's got nothing to do with me.

**u/-hyi-** (292 points)

My stepson's son in law has a hamster that has terminal cancer, he would've loved it as a gift but you ruined it

**u/Tarijeno** (246 points)

My ex-brother-in-law pulled this shit every Christmas. On December 1st his kids would bring him their Santa letters, wherein they asked for videogames, expensive LEGO sets, bikes, skateboards, iPods, etc. Upon receiving the letters he promised that Santa Claus would bring them *exactly* what they asked for.

Three days before Christmas he finally looked at his bank account — it was overdrawn, because he’s terrible with money — so he ran to his in-laws so we could do the shopping for him. If we resisted, he guilt-tripped us: “You don’t want my kids to be sad on Christmas, do you?” The first year he pulled it, he seemed earnest, but then he did it again for another 8 years. He always promised to save money for next year, but he never did. There were years where he bought himself a pricey new car stereo or laptop two weeks before Christmas, and on December 22nd he was broke again. I eventually just started putting away $400-$500 for his kids’ Santa presents every year. 

Years later, after he and my sister divorced, his eldest came to me and lamented that Christmas was better before the divorce — Santa always came through. The kid was a teenager now, and no longer believed in Santa. So I told him the truth. It’s a weird feeling to watch a kid realize that his parent is a big piece of shit.

**u/Virgin_Dildo_Lover** (235 points)

Where's this blow, anyway, kid?

**u/tysonedwards** (211 points)

As someone with cancer, I have no issues telling those entitled twats: "Don't use your children like that - it's shameful."

**u/neon_overload** (200 points)

Imagine these people at the checkout at the supermarket refusing to pay $120 for groceries on the grounds that "you are ruining my son's Christmas"

**u/kemushi_warui** (170 points)

Where’s this kid to —

Wait, no

**u/cirillios** (149 points)

I feel like it's more appropriate to say you ruined your own kids christmas. If you want to make your kids happy on Christmas and money is tight, budget for it. If that's not financially realistic then the last thing you should be doing is telling them you'll get them something you can't afford. Then it becomes a betrayal of trust in addition to a disappointment.

**u/JustinJakeAshton** (139 points)

The Vatican Church would like to know your location.

**u/anonymousforever** (137 points)

third option was that parent gets item, gives kid item, and then a week later pawns item for drug money.... sad tale that happens too often. saw a story about how items gifted to angel tree recipients should have bar codes marked out or removed so that they can't be returned for cash to the store. kid should get gift if they get given something nice... not have it yanked away and sold off to fix someone's bad habit.

**u/AnalStaircase33** (131 points)

No... definitely not my toxic, self-serving personality that will slowly break them down into similarly miserable beings.

**u/PharmguyLabs** (125 points)

You are overthinking it. They are lying to a stranger to try to get what they want, that’s all it is. They probably don’t even have a kid half the time

**u/PeacefuIfrog** (125 points)

Honestly, I'm almost more shocked about you stuffing away that kind of money every year.  
Care to elaborate on your reasoning?

**u/Mitch_Mitcherson** (120 points)

Probably loved the kid more then they hated the parent. It is possible to do things for the ones you love, even though you are getting hurt doing it.

**u/nemaihne** (107 points)

I prefer going the "me too" route and asking which kind because maybe we're going through the same treatment and then 'so good, you totally understand why I need the price I'm selling it for.'

**u/[deleted]** (97 points)

LOL  I love how they always blame their children's unrealistic expectations.  I mean, how would the child even KNOW about a gift before Xmas?  Do parents tell their kids ahead of time what Santa is giving them?  LOL!

**u/vxsapphire** (92 points)

I recently had someone try to do this to me. Sold my Nintendo switch, great deal. 6 great games too (Zelda, Mario odessey, ring fit amping them), all for less than the retail cost of a switch. A buyer asked me to drive an hour to meet them and wanted it cheaper. I said no and no to paying 20$ in tolls to go to him. Their reply “come on, I don’t want to disappoint my kids for Christmas”. I wish I replied to them with this. But I’m lame and non confrontational so I just deleting the email and the email after saying “okay fine I’ll pay the asking price”. Ended up selling it to a really nice guy who met me halfway and even brought me games his kid hardly played bc he felt like he was getting too good of a deal. Some people are just so entitled, it’s so sad.

**u/xombiesue** (91 points)

i'm reporting you
