# I was giving away a free dishwasher on Craigslist and caught one in the wild!

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/nashjoe  
**Score:** 95,287  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/cr8qg9/i_was_giving_away_a_free_dishwasher_on_craigslist/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/LoserFantasia** (8,236 points)

I was giving away a dishwasher on OfferUp for free, someone was asking if I could deliver it to them an hour away, I thought they were joking

**u/AnalProbeSanta** (5,031 points)

Thats why you dont offer it up for free. You set a very low price and you can just not take the money when they pick up.

If its free, you get contacted by stupid greedy beggars, if its cheap, you might get a few more who genuinely want and need it.

**u/theredranger8** (4,874 points)

Your response is golden. His was one of the worst opening lines I've seen on here. "Worth my time" my \*\*\*.

EDIT: MichelinStarChef below is a troll - Check his user page, exclusively negative comments by large numbers. Please no more feeding.

**u/imagine_amusing_name** (2,948 points)

&lt;picks up dishwasher from someones house&gt;

my 18 cents ISNT GOOD ENOUGH FOR YA? I WANNA SEE YOUR MANAGER! what kind of a shitshow store are you running here?

I demand a gift card, that puppy and the little girl holding it.

**u/oh_hell_what_now** (1,364 points)

"Sure dude, I'm sorry for the inconvenience. How bout you meet me halfway at the WalMart there, and I'll bring ya $20 for your time and gas." Then never show up and block him.

**u/Woody_Harryishson** (1,260 points)

The worst part about this is the question itself isn't really that rude, just how they framed it.

If they were like, "Cool, was there anything else you were trying to give away since I'm going to be in the area to pick up the washer?" you would be like "Oh shit yeah I got this other stuff I want to get the fuck rid of."

**u/mutatersalad1** (1,068 points)

That reminds me of when I sold my old gaming laptop in college. 

I put it up on my university's student sale page, and this guy contacted me asking about it. We negotiated for a short bit and I agreed to sell it for $375 instead of the $400 I originally asked. Well we meet up because we agreed to meet halfway and do the exchange, and this guy asks me if he can hold it and power it on "just to see if it works". So I give him the laptop to test out and he turns it on, and clicks on a few basic pre-installed apps and sees that it's working *exactly as I promised*. So what he does is put the laptop in his bag, and then pull out the $375 we agreed to and give it to me, and then we shook hands and turned to part ways. A moment later this guy turns around and goes "Thanks for the laptop man, you gave me a really good deal!" and I responded "No problem dude, hope you enjoy it!" and then I left.

**u/TheSnakeholeLounge** (1,065 points)

i was selling a BRAND NEW, UNUSED $1300 camera on craigslist for $850 and a guy messaged me and said “take $700, make it worth my wild (sic)”. i just replied “no.”

**u/SluttyGandhi** (956 points)

*Fellow customer service veteran, I salute you.*

**u/TheSanityInspector** (820 points)

Same, only give him the address of a comedy club, and when he arrives text him to go in and repeat his joke for open mic night.

**u/OPINION_IS_UNPOPULAR** (578 points)

I've read this story like 5 times and I still can't tell if I'm missing something

**u/YeahNoFerSure** (490 points)

I’m currently trying to sell a ton of stuff on Craig’s list because our company is closing. Had 3 people stand me up JUST today 🙄 one of them had already agreed on the price yesterday. Was supposed to pick it up this morning. I message her to ask what time specifically she was coming to have her reply, “ Actually I want it at half price and delivery” hahaha

**u/wildcat105** (460 points)

"My wild" lmao

**u/Notsurehowtoreact** (453 points)

Honestly had the same thought. Like, the person worded it shittily but if they were like "Oh hey, if there's anything else you need rid of, let me know" it wouldn't have been a bad question.

**u/DestroyerOfMils** (416 points)

I don’t just like your username, I love it. I deserve it. I’m a single parent. You should give it to me. Plus, I already promised your username to myself. Don’t make me break my promise.

**u/trennerdios** (408 points)

Yeah I'm confused. So everything went...well?

**u/Phamous3k** (379 points)

Lol. Is that Smyrna, GA..

**u/TheNorthernGrey** (328 points)

Wait, we can have stories when things go right?

**u/nashjoe** (327 points)

You have solved the puzzle

**u/The_Law_of_Pizza** (325 points)

The most expensive hooker in Gary, Indiana.

**u/nickcomesquick** (305 points)

I like this username

**u/AdamEssex** (288 points)

Giving something away for free doesn't require Yelp reviews.

**u/ajh6w** (275 points)

Op is “NashJoe” so I’m thinking it’s probably the Smyrna just outside of Nashville.

**u/nlandy1** (217 points)

It's that or Smyrna, DE. Either way the request is unsurprising

**u/SpecialSause** (207 points)

r/boneappletea
