# Friend of my Ex has been using my Netflix details without my knowledge for years. Calls me cheap!

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/The_Duff  
**Score:** 94,220  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/acb47s/friend_of_my_ex_has_been_using_my_netflix_details/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/ReadditMan** (16,232 points)

"what difference will that make I have it set to login straight away"

I love this part because the dumbass doesn't realize changing the password will automatically force him to log in manually.

**u/ten-tail-whale** (15,736 points)

Thanks for reminding me to update my password

**u/WolfieVonD** (10,786 points)

My ex hit me up 3 years after breakup when I changed hulu+ password (because of someone else) for the same thing lol

I had no idea she was still leeching off it.

**u/ScarletteRed** (9,682 points)

You should probably check your account and see what devices are connected.... Id be curious to who else your EX gave the details too.

**u/scusername** (9,026 points)

That deep-rooted level of entitlement never ceases to amaze and infuriate me.

**u/Jalzir** (5,602 points)

Yeah that one took me by surprise does he not know how passwords like work??

**u/Phone_Home_Weezy** (4,654 points)

Funny story I once had a girl post on instagram the day after breaking up with me “TFW you break up with your man but still have his HBO” 

She quickly lost access after I contacted customer support to log out all users on my account

**u/boyproblems_mp3** (4,311 points)

I can't even imagine having the balls to contact your ex after years of being broken up just to try and mooch their streaming accounts.

**u/Cromus** (4,177 points)

PSA: I got an email yesterday from hulu saying a device had been added to my account from China so I checked all the devices on my account and it turns out there were about 6 different devices added from all over the world dating back 5 years. I was never notified until the China one.

**u/anorexicturkey** (3,347 points)

One of my friends asked if he could use my Netflix til he paid for his in a few days. I said I didnt have one so I set up a free trial for him to use. I forgot about it til about 2 weeks later when I went to cancel the trial. I looked and he had deleted my profile and changed it to his and his gfs name! Quickly cancelled the trial, changed the password, and logged him out. Fuck you

**u/Drgerm87** (2,957 points)

I don't think he knows how a lot of things work

**u/FrankGrimesApartment** (2,957 points)

"I'll be changing my password right away..."


"It's not letting me log in now.."

So delicious.

**u/HIJKElemenohpee** (2,857 points)

My high school ex was still using my Netflix (that my dad pays for but I have my own little profile) but he didn't know the password. We were still cool and it didn't really bother me, until he held a movie night with a bunch of mutual friends when he knew I was back for break and didn't invite me. They watched on my Netflix account at this movie night.


So I did the thing where you automatically disconnect all devices to kick him off of it. It was annoying for my family but it was worth it when he texted me to ask for the password. I just told him it was my dad's password so I didn't feel comfortable giving it to him.

EDIT: I didn't expect this to rub so many people the wrong way lol. I'm not going to go into the details of my personal life and why I did what I did or defend it. It happened years ago when I was 19, it's not a situation I would find myself in now nor is that how I would handle the situation now if I did, nobody got hurt and he found a new girlfriend who I'm sure has a Netflix he can use. It's really not that serious guys

**u/therapistofpenisland** (2,786 points)

Too late, he changes his password which wipes them all out.

**u/superaydean1** (2,698 points)

no don't it'll kick me out

**u/thekirbydance** (2,493 points)

Hitting them w/ the Office gif that they can no longer access. Savage

**u/JessesDog** (2,199 points)

Might wanna er... change your password there.

**u/everymanawildcat** (1,525 points)

I can never think the best of people because my daily reddit habit leads me to subs like this, and my cynical side is perpetually renewed.

**u/goldenpineapple3** (1,342 points)

I broke up with my ex but it was amicable so I let him continue to use my Netflix. He apparently gave my info to his new gf AND her 2 kids because one evening I am kicked off my own Netflix because ‘too many people are watching at once’. So I do a polite sign out of all devices and hope that he will get the hint and I thought he didn’t remember my password. The next morning I wake up to an email saying that someone logged into my account and upgraded me to the premium 4 screen viewing package and here is the new higher price that I would be paying all by myself! Needless to say I was quite annoyed and I changed my password immediately and reverted to my original plan and haven’t spoken to him since.

**u/CountryGuy123** (1,325 points)

I don’t think he works.

**u/SalamanderTaco** (1,299 points)

Sounds like a real piece of trash.

**u/WolfieVonD** (1,154 points)

ooof didn't even invite you

**u/ten-tail-whale** (1,149 points)

Yeah its 100%NoThanks

**u/Flojoe420** (1,140 points)

What difference does it make?
