# I made this a sticker after someone backed out of paying for a commission, saying the 50% up front was more than enough to cover it. They never got the final art, but feel free to use this for whenever you get your own choosey beggars.

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/Matasmic  
**Score:** 93,017  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/f5dwcv/i_made_this_a_sticker_after_someone_backed_out_of/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Dyzzd** (9,419 points)

K but I'm not paying you for this

**u/Matasmic** (4,182 points)

You know, you're right actually. I regularly have stuff stolen off my social media / Reddit and put up online in different shady shirt sites and things like that. I probably should have watermarked it, but I genuinely would love if people used this to combat choosey beggars, and if feel like it would be a less efficient message if it had my big ol' watermark just slapped on it. If it gets stolen I guess I'll just have to add it to my weekly Cease and Desist rotation...

&amp;#x200B;

Please don't rob me.

**u/just4fun8787** (3,448 points)

~~Not even in exposure?!~~ *redacted due to overwhelming exposure*



Edit:Suffering from success

**u/Hobbsidian** (2,383 points)

Thanks kids crying now

**u/rdrunner_74** (2,323 points)

His fault he didnt sign it

**u/Matasmic** (1,549 points)

To be fair, that's one of the natural states of children, Like how water can be a Liquid, Solid, or Gas under certain circumstances.

**u/OG_Panthers_Fan** (1,120 points)

My son draws art for gamers and such.  I already told him that you were giving him a hoodie with this on it.

If you don't follow through, you're going to ruin his cancerous Christmas.

**u/Bradthediddler** (955 points)

Do you have a link, or could you pm me for your stickers!?! :)

**u/Sabritones021** (773 points)

You told two different people that they would be the first to know if you start up a shop. Now that seems very dishonest and unprofessional - you should give me the sticker for free to make up for it.

**u/Matasmic** (738 points)

I made this back in December and ended up giving most of the stickers away during the holidays. I'm thinking of starting up a shop or something, If that happens I'll print more and I'll make sure you're one of the first to know!

**u/Matasmic** (577 points)

I mean, it's for church sweetie.

**u/Tpr-Taylor** (548 points)

Have you taken many to court?

**u/Ominous_Strix** (523 points)

I wish there was a free way for artists to take down sites like this, and if sites had to pay penalties like paying the artists all profits they made selling those products

**u/Isqueezestuff** (479 points)

My son has cancer, I don’t drive and I am
A church go-er. Can you pay me for using your sticker? I feel it’s only fair because I have 86 followers on IG and that’s a lot of potential business for you. Please respond within 3 minutes or I will review your seller profile poorly.

**u/Matasmic** (416 points)

I think i said one of the first... My slippery business writing skills save me again!

**u/kat_a_klysm** (350 points)

Children can be all three at once...

**u/llamadramas** (288 points)

Sometimes you can use the GoDaddy or whatever the company to take down copyrighted material if you provee you own it and they haven't responded to a cease and desist. 


https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/trademark-copyright-infringement

**u/topdangle** (268 points)

Are you really going to not give me stickers on some technicality? I already told my daughter she was getting stickers you are ruining my life

**u/[deleted]** (254 points)

Someone literally left me on read after constantly promising to "pay the next day"- I'm appalled at how difficult it must be to say "hey, I can't pay for it!"

Just fucked up my weekend w that tbh

**u/Cactilove** (208 points)

Have seen that people would take Disney screenshots or characters and retweet saying they want it on a shirt, making the bot take that into account and sell it. So Disney takes the sites down themselves for copyright. Quite ingenious

**u/pm_me_yo_tiddie** (206 points)

You fuck me pay

**u/Matasmic** (203 points)

Oh yeah, 50% down is to protect me precisely in case shit like that happens. You get burned enough times and you get smart eventually.

**u/Matasmic** (185 points)

Wow. There are so many sick kids in this sub. I'm kind of worried about spending this much time on Reddit now.

**u/Atrumentis** (178 points)

If you don't give my son cancer I'm going to pay you twice your asking price

**u/Seouly86** (168 points)

But like, all 12 of my followers will see it! That’s called marketing baby!
