# Not open during a CAT 5 hurricane? 1 star for you!

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/Super_Marioo  
**Score:** 91,814  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/cz9tgn/not_open_during_a_cat_5_hurricane_1_star_for_you/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Bully4u** (8,503 points)

A CAT 5 hurricane and this guy is giving reviews on refrigerator repair services ...

**u/TheBreakUp2013** (4,518 points)

Damn it. Why don't you stay and risk your life for $300 in food? Don't you know the customer has needs?!?!?!

**u/gratatagod** (4,141 points)

I work at a trampoline park and these are the types of reviews we’re getting too. People keep calling asking if we’ll extend our hours since theres no school- theres no school because theres a hurricane Karen.

**u/kas__n** (2,120 points)

Some people don’t value their time

**u/Clay_Statue** (1,863 points)

If somebody died driving through a hurricane to repair this guy's fridge I get the feeling he'd be totally ambivalent about it.  Somebody's life vs his inconvenience is a balanced equation in his mind.

**u/WhiteKnight1992** (1,738 points)

You know what this world needs? A system where companies can rate and leave reviews about their customers.

**u/dutchyardeen** (1,516 points)

That's like the Karens who are complaining that Disney is closing early because of the hurricane. "We've been planning this trip for years!!" Maybe don't book your trip during hurricane season, Karen.

**u/zuzg** (1,348 points)

Some people don't have value. They're just trash

**u/cmdrsamuelvimes** (864 points)

"Well that was his job. If he didn't want to service refrigerators in category 5 hurricanes he should have got a better job. Damn entitled millennials."

**u/Tattootempest** (856 points)

It makes one wonder if the reason their fridge is not working is because they have no power due to the hurricane...

**u/Super_Marioo** (779 points)

Bet people would think twice if that were the case.

**u/meech7607** (609 points)

It'd probably depend on whether or not the guy died coming to, or leaving the repair.

"What do you mean you're not sending out another repair man? It's bad business that your weak employees can't even survive a tree trunk getting blown through their chests!"

**u/Not_Charles_Barkley** (524 points)

This kind of person would have left 1 star anyway after hearing how much the emergency repair was going to cost.

**u/grubas** (398 points)

"we called the fridge, TV and light bulb repairman, none came, 1 star all around.


NOW MY PHONE ISN'T CHARGING, ALSO 1 STAR!"

**u/DeadEyedAdmin** (366 points)

Man that is messed up, does that company know how many Yoplait yogurts and Omaha steaks that guy LOST. Don't offer emergency services if you can't provide them in a timely manner!

**u/WhiteKnight1992** (359 points)

Exactly. 

You can offer exclusive services to customers with premium ratings.

**u/Sandman1278** (344 points)

Why do I feel like I saw this on an episode of black mirror

**u/ashweyyyyy** (287 points)

Omg this totally happened at my workplace too. A car drove straight into our building, through the window and everything. So OBVIOUSLY we shut down.. because .. well.. the building was fucking demolished! Someone went online and left a 1 star review saying “I drove all the way there because I had an appointment, and they were closed because of some accident!” LMAO

**u/Harrisoning** (272 points)

"You're trash Brock"

**u/cosmere_worldhopper** (237 points)

Sorry, my bootstraps broke. :)

**u/DicklexicSurferer** (235 points)

This guy probably writes reviews on pornhub unironically too.

**u/HereticalMessiah** (232 points)

When Hurricane Matthew knocked our power out for 5 days my insurance company cut me a check for the estimated loss of the food in our refrigerator. It was a phone call and a day and I got a $250 check.

**u/[deleted]** (213 points)

It's very kind of you to try to see the good in this oblivious human. But if he is within range for 24 hour refrigerator repair, I can imagine he is at least minimally affected by the hurricane. I live several hours north of where Dorian is currently hitting and we already have businesses closing for it.

**u/aYearOfPrompts** (206 points)

Also about the size of that butt. Like one of those rap guy’s girlfriends.
