# I gave an old friend my old pc in exchange for his ps4, now he wants another $300 on top of the $700 pc i gave him.

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/[deleted]  
**Score:** 90,357  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/f627kn/i_gave_an_old_friend_my_old_pc_in_exchange_for/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Quviasuliqpunga** (17,346 points)

time to cut this old friend out of your life permanently

**u/eatshitake** (6,959 points)

I don't know what's funnier, that he thinks a secondhand PS4 is worth $300 or that he thinks the police will give one iota of shit about his complaint.

**u/l_snug** (5,029 points)

Oh man this story keeps getting better and better.

**u/TaintModel** (3,180 points)

Sounds like he wanted the money for drugs, wasn’t thinking straight and was just thinking he needed money right that second. Seen behaviour like this before, desperately clinging onto any leverage possible to squeeze some money out of an old friend.

**u/BlendedBaconSyrup** (2,330 points)

Yes i am currently in jail, also HELP ME!!! SHREK wont stop singing all star!

**u/killitnow1001** (2,308 points)

Well he lied to the police, so they did show up. Which sucks that is a waste of their time.

**u/Whodat33** (2,129 points)

$300 for a used ps4? Lol people are fucking weird.

**u/captaingamergab2** (1,235 points)

Does that dud not understand how fast his lies can be exposed?

Edit: I meant dude, but this works too.

**u/psiloryben** (1,225 points)

First thing I thought of. Had a buddy ask me to go to the mall and sell burned CDs for him. In 2016.

**u/_A_Four_Toed_Creed_** (1,163 points)

No wait! Unblock him and send him this link!

**u/Brndrll** (1,054 points)

Burned CDs.

In 2016.

Oh, the places he'll go!

**u/boatsnprose** (1,028 points)

&gt;OP claims in another comment the police actually did show up.  Other people claiming OP is now making shit up because it's impossible. various "your friend is a drug addict".  There, I summarized this whole comment section for you.)

I feel like you just summarized Reddit for me. I don't know why I'm still here.

**u/belle1807** (1,017 points)

the police aren’t debt collectors for anyone but the government. he can’t just call them and say you owe him money

**u/landmindboom** (988 points)

OP was just sentenced to life in prison for PS4 theft.

**u/charmanderpants** (891 points)

Probably because they came and arrested Op!

**u/continue_dry** (887 points)

Where do you live where police respond to a property crime, take an explanation, and agree to charges in less than 30 minutes?

**u/euph_22** (842 points)

In addition to making a false report (or whatever it's called in New York) he also attempted to extort you, and you have ready proof of it. Please make a criminal complaint against him for that.

**u/[deleted]** (835 points)

OP posted about it in another comment.  


And the guy didn't just lie to the police, he filed a false police report saying that OP stole the PS4 after breaking into his house.
