# Not mine but holy stupidity

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/ggcosmo  
**Score:** 90,080  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/ce3d8f/not_mine_but_holy_stupidity/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/iArrow** (8,311 points)

$300 and not a penny more. You're wasting my time otherwise.

**u/Prototyp3Mast3r** (2,328 points)

How about tree fiddy?

**u/HarleyVon** (2,246 points)

Always best to delete the sale post after selling it

**u/SukoKingler** (1,894 points)

They always ignore the chat, don’t they?

**u/jaydofmo** (1,823 points)

And that's when I realized this negotiator was about 8 stories tall and was a crustacean from the protozoic era! I said, "Get out of here, Loch Ness Monster! I ain't giving you no tree fiddy!"

**u/MesWantooth** (1,387 points)

I was selling a TV &amp; surround-sound system...A guy messaged me and agreed to the price but said he'd have to rent a truck to come and get it and so he'd need a couple of days. I said I'd hold it for him (Guy #1). Another person inquired, I said "It's sold but if this guy doesn't show up on Friday, it will be available." (Guy#2). Friday comes and the first guy texts me that he was making the arrangements and would see me later that day. A few hours later, there's a knock on my door, two guys come in, hand me the cash and take the TV away. They forgot the remotes, so I text Guy #1. He responds "What are you talking about, you sold the TV? I already rented the truck. Why'd you do that man?! You really screwed me over" I was super confused and realized that guy #2 must have decided to just show up and see what happens. I didn't think to check his ID or even to confirm his name. Guy #1 was really upset. He kept texting me, asking if I could contact guy #2 and get the TV back. I was not going to do that - it was out of my life and I got the cash. But I did email transfer Guy#1 money to pay for his rental ($45) - I felt bad and just didn't want him to think I was a Craigslist asshole who told the guy he could rent a truck and then sold it out from under him.

**u/DINOSAUR_ACTUAL** (973 points)

No kidding. I just got a message asking if one of my items is still available. I sold it a year ago.

**u/SpideyRules9974** (782 points)

This actually cracked me up lol

**u/meowseehereboobs** (649 points)

They're full of shitty negotiation tactics, so they assume everyone else is, too?

**u/the_ocalhoun** (603 points)

Valuable lesson #2: Only give one person at a time your address.

**u/Guccimoves** (458 points)

"I gave him a dollah"

**u/KeisterApartments** (354 points)

SHE GAVE HIM A DOLLAH!

**u/VoiceofLou** (333 points)

Why did  guy #2 even have his address if OP wasn’t going to sell it to him. “Someone else is going to be picking the TV Friday. If they don’t show then it’s available and you can pick it up. Here’s my address.”

**u/EmilioGVE** (328 points)

Dang it! You wasted my time and gave my kids Christmas cancer! I can also probably find it cheaper somewhere else!

**u/stratys3** (291 points)

Maybe they were both the same guy, and you got screwed out of $45.

**u/mdh579** (285 points)

Craigslist auto deletes old postings.

**u/atheos** (281 points)

how about TAKE DOWN YOUR FUCKING AD.  I can't tell you how many times I've got this response from Craigslist ads.  "No, It's sold already.  I wish people would stop contacting me!". Well, how about you don't be a fucking moron?

**u/gotbock** (270 points)

These are the people who are stupid enough to believe they are the smartest one in the room.

Edit: a word

**u/_lemonpledge_** (260 points)

Don't waste his time

EDIT: Silver? Don't waste my time.

**u/Ancient128** (235 points)

That's why he keeps coming back...

**u/heysaywayoo** (189 points)

I was raised to have a little more consideration for the disabled

**u/josephr107** (186 points)

I thought he was gonna go away if I gave him a dolla!

**u/IdahoTrees77** (180 points)

Yeah what the fuck? Dude treated selling a tv like having a yardsale.

**u/TheGzer** (150 points)

I feel so bad for the first guy. The second guy is terrible.
