# Bride steals 30k of wedding donations and then asks for more

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/[deleted]  
**Score:** 88,687  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/dra7ya/bride_steals_30k_of_wedding_donations_and_then/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/joyeuxanniversaire1** (11,268 points)

Look at the link to the comments. It’s glorious https://imgur.com/a/PgUMURw

**u/[deleted]** (10,291 points)

Somebody should break the news to her: it ain’t a honeymoon if there isn’t a wedding

**u/glennsfono** (9,907 points)

We need more screenshots. Is everyone reacting angrily? I must know

**u/joyeuxanniversaire1** (9,374 points)

New comments unfolding. Absolute chaos in the comment section: think huge family drama aired publicly. It’s going to take a while to censor everything, so new update post coming tomorrow.

**u/JuiceAndJews** (8,148 points)

Can't people who crowdfund and then misuse the funds be sued for the money back?

**u/joyeuxanniversaire1** (8,137 points)

Oh it’s getting worse. It’s basically family drama gold. I’ll have an updated post tomorrow, but it’s gonna be like 5 pages of comments

**u/ironbite4** (4,894 points)

They actually can.

**u/Hammer_Jackson** (4,702 points)

I love how someone can claim being distressed or “attacked” and all of a sudden they are the *victim* in a scenario. 

The scary thing is I doubt she realizes it’s ridiculous, and instead she believes she’s being appropriate and reasonable.

Edit: The amount of casual sexism and politicism below is disappointing.

**u/foxisntcrazy** (4,491 points)

"After we regain financial stability" .... how did 30k not do that and you can still afford a honeymoon? No one is comin to your wedding, honey

**u/thetotalpackage7** (3,571 points)

yeah but she'll be opening up her money fund soon for the wedding. its gonna be a hit!

**u/_lemonpledge_** (3,305 points)

Keep screenshoting it, I'm guessing the bride will erase it.

**u/_lemonpledge_** (3,255 points)

WE NEED THE REST FFS

**u/fullercorp** (2,609 points)

this will probably make a news outlet then. It is so touching when a(n almost) bride and groom start a new life with just themselves.....because all their friends abandon them.

**u/undercoverbrova** (2,522 points)

They did not choose to DONATE to HER, they chose to DONATE to a WEDDING.  In which ALL could enjoy.  TF kind of thought process is this?!

**u/tresbienaureviour** (2,450 points)

This is completely insane. 
"Thanks for the crazy amount of money specifically for our wedding! We've decided we're gonna do something else with it and have the wedding some other time BUT HERE'S SOME DETAILS IF YOU WANT TO GIVE US MORE FREE SHIT" like what the ACTUAL fuck??

**u/shornscrote** (2,429 points)

Not just attacked but also “hanged up on.” 

Lady you’re the one canceling a fucking wedding, absconding with ill-gotten funds, and fucking with peoples schedules near the holidays. If anyone has been “hanged up on” it’s your poor guests.

**u/desenagrator_2** (2,063 points)

Yeah that's just called a vacation lmao

**u/m053486** (1,977 points)

$30,000 used *towards* a honeymoon. Maybe they’re gonna go shoot a lion or something?

Then they’ll need several months to regain “financial stability.”

What fucking planet do some people live on?

**u/JuiceAndJews** (1,777 points)

I figured bc there was that happened with that couple and homeless man in that one case. I'd sue her or just be like ” hell if I'm buying you anything else/talking to you again.” if I donate a large sum to pay for the wedding, that's your present, hun.

**u/joyeuxanniversaire1** (1,734 points)

Comment section is hysterical. I uploaded the comment page here: https://imgur.com/a/PgUMURw[outrage comments from relatives](https://imgur.com/a/PgUMURw)

**u/cowkong** (1,672 points)

I've never had anything near 30k, live in a relatively expensive area, and make very little money and consider myself financially stable. These people are ridiculous.

**u/joyeuxanniversaire1** (1,428 points)

In defense the bride writes “if i want to use the money, who cares how?”

**u/memejunk** (1,381 points)

a $30,000 vacation.. for two...
