# Broke boy.

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/Epix4  
**Score:** 88,579  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/afl2hb/broke_boy/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/TallicLizzy** (11,736 points)

I usually order water. No needs for the extra sugar and calories.

**u/alaricat** (5,340 points)

and money

**u/ManicStoner** (4,742 points)

Maybe the waiter *asked her* what she wanted and she said "Water is fine", and the dude didn't try to be an asshole and say " No, get her some drink that she probably doesn't want" just to pay for some extra shit.

**u/WhoWillStopTheReign** (4,681 points)

Had a girlfriend like this years ago. I told her once that I couldn’t take her somewhere very expensive that night because I need to save some money due to a short check at work. She told me that I should spend however much money she wants me to spend, since we were dating and all. Glad I got clear of that one.

**u/ThirtyMileSniper** (2,517 points)

Morally broke judging your date base on income.

**u/Justalittl3crazy** (1,989 points)

A) You don’t buy tap water. It is free.
B) Based on the presentment of those fries in the cool white dish, the burger on the metal tray, and the ketchup holder, this is a decent burger place that is probably $15 a person. If he is “broke,” he still wanted to take her to a nicer burger place instead of McDonald’s. 
C) Just be grateful damnit.

**u/pandar314** (1,809 points)

"No lady of mine drinks water like a peasant! Bring your finest bottle of chinchilla milk! Tonight we drink like the royalty we are!"

**u/MongolianCluster** (1,735 points)

I hope the moment after she said that.

**u/joevilla1369** (1,509 points)

Me and my wife never order drinks. That's 6 dollars less on the meal. keep it under 20 bucks. 

Edit: "drinks" stands for beverages that cost extra. Didnt know I had to explain that part. Especially after I replied to someone who said they only drink water. 

Edit 2: For the people that are near the bottom of these comments that dont like how we spend our money. Some people save their money. And some people have trouble paying rent. But both are happy. So let it go. As long a everyone is happy. Who cares.

**u/Edi369** (1,382 points)

You know your soul is broken when you only search for materialistic in everything.

**u/smokey_g** (920 points)

Right he should say something like: "I make good money, I don't want my date drinking none of that water shit, it looks bad on me!"

**u/tumtumpot** (915 points)

I sure didn't. I tried to take a girl to dinner she suggested the SUNDIAL (basically the most high-end place in ATL) it took work to convince her to go to a spot in BUCKHEAD (the plates were still about $30 a piece and we got cake).  I was a college sophomore at the time and working to pay for school and save for a car. Still dealt with this kinda thing for another 3 years. Now I learned my lesson and also have a car.

**u/schro_cat** (707 points)

He just wants to make sure you are hydrated. Looks like your after-dinner activities are going to be intense.

**u/Soshi101** (695 points)

Gonna make her walk all the way home.

**u/tehlolredditor** (635 points)

Taste good

**u/CarpeAeonem** (465 points)

Bro the Sundial is so nice but sooooo fucking expensive. You really can't beat the view but holy shit, the prices aren't even listed on the menu because if you're eating there you're not budgeting lol. The fact that she suggested to go there at all is a mega yikes. Where'd y'all go in Buckhead?

**u/DaisyHotCakes** (451 points)

Dude, two meals at McD’s is almost $20 now. I shudder to think what 5 Guys costs these days. Price of those burgers jumped more than PA tolls!

Edit: since everyone seems to think I don’t know what the “dollar” menu is, I was using the word “meal” as in the “#1 meal” not “a meal”.

**u/afrobotics** (401 points)

I wish there was a meal that cost less than $10 by itself here...

**u/missmartian001** (382 points)

I always have tap water with a meal, it doesn't mean anything.

**u/MelonJelly** (379 points)

The Coca Cola corporation has spent millions of dollars making their product taste good. And boy have they succeeded.

**u/Cloud_Chamber** (322 points)

If it has nipples, you can milk it.

**u/roundpatato** (321 points)

Seriously money is usually secondary here, why would you want to drink sugar drinks anyway

**u/mynameis-twat** (313 points)

Seriously I fucking love soda, and nothing beats a coke with a burger. But I’ll be damned if I’m gonna pay $3 for a soda when I can pay $3 for a whole 12 pack

**u/SkyHawkMkIV** (308 points)

I have nipples, Greg. Can you milk me?

**u/criesingucci** (286 points)

is ordering water really a sign of being broke? i always associate it with digestion. plus, i'm always dehydrated and soda makes it worse (i also don't like soda). if water costed money, i'd buy water.
