# My buddy is a tattoo artist. He’s also my personal hero.

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/TheBrennanCo  
**Score:** 88,243  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/ehcyiz/my_buddy_is_a_tattoo_artist_hes_also_my_personal/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Links_Hacks** (15,302 points)

"I'm a single mom, I can't afford that expensive of a tattoo, I have a kid to feed!...but I still need that tattoo".

**u/Retrotreegal** (8,977 points)

My good friend is a tattoo artist. I feel strongly that if you can’t comfortably afford a tattoo- literally the least necessary thing in life- then you shouldn’t get one.

**u/EndVry** (4,665 points)

Please, I already promised my child this tattoo.

**u/holidayarmadill0** (4,138 points)

My guess it’s covering up the Dad’s name

**u/headphonetrauma** (2,808 points)

Too many people find a workaround by getting worked on by shit artists but the regret is free.

**u/Chemical-mix** (2,394 points)

They did "cut her a deal" - they gave them the names of other artists whoo may be able to do it cheaper. Apparently that wasn't good enough either.

Don't fuck around with tattooists on their prices. If it's too expensive for you, that's understandable, but move on.

**u/ric2b** (2,347 points)

You're ruining my child's Christmas!

**u/whyisitbrightoutside** (1,659 points)

I chose my tattoo artist based on the fact that he's a jackass. He isnt going to lie to you. He'll tell you if you're an idiot and if your idea is going to look like shit. Makes them more reliable as an artist. Her threat is nothing.

**u/NotThatEasily** (1,592 points)

Now my kid has Christmas cancer!

**u/thegunboats** (1,580 points)

So many people are unnecessarily kind to CBs it’s nice to see it when they get told tf out.

**u/Evil_Liz** (1,332 points)

Too true... I remember some old coworkers talking about how they couldn’t imagine paying hundreds of dollars for a tattoo when they could get one for 40 bucks, and showed me their awful scribbles. I paid over 400 for a big full color piece and it was worth every penny

**u/celoud** (758 points)

And the cancer had a kid, as a single parent!

**u/faithmf1496** (723 points)

Shots. Fucking. Fired.

**u/AVDLatex** (700 points)

Pulling out the single mom card.

**u/Nutmeg3048** (609 points)

Oh gosh. Idk why people enjoy bad tattoos. I love looking at good tattoos and don’t mind complimenting someone on a really well done piece. I don’t have any personally because I don’t have anything I would really really want tattooed on me nor that I would want to keep for the rest of my life. But I certainly am impressed with some of the beauties I see done.

**u/DarthAbraxis** (597 points)

Yes, and the artist stated they were out of the states for a bit, also with a 220 hourly they’re craftsmanship are in demand. Referring her to other artists was a stand up good call because they didn’t even have to mention it at all. They were given options.

**u/tibtibs** (538 points)

Yeah, I'm not sure I give a shit if my tattoo artist is rude or not. I care that is quality work and a clean shop. Hell, my current guy has some fringe beliefs that make me roll my eyes and know that we could never be friends, but that's not what I'm paying him for.

**u/litorisp** (471 points)

Well there’s a difference between a fun, shitty little stick and poke and a full sized, poorly done back piece.

**u/talkingtomiranda** (420 points)

shes crying now

**u/archangelsidekick** (410 points)

I  was a single Mom after my divorce from my daughters father. Worked my ass off, put her through college and got another degree myself. Shes grown now. Never once pulled that lame ass  bs.

Edit: Autocorrect strikes again.

**u/CasperTheBandit** (375 points)

I love my bad tattoos because I love the story behind them. 

Like we were all super drunk and I let my best friend of 25 years stick and poke his initials on my ankle. It looks like shit but I love it.

**u/Australienz** (321 points)

And now my cancer, who is also a single mother, a minority, a disabled veteran, and my grand daughter, is crying! You just made her cry on Christmas! All she wants to do is create abnormal cells and multiply rapidly to form tumorous growths because she loves America, and you’re ruining her Christmas!  

I hope you’re happy, her wife is dying of Ebola!
