# I follow a professional painter who is dealing with some corporate choosing beggars. Wtf?

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/karliecorn  
**Score:** 86,503  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/enwgkq/i_follow_a_professional_painter_who_is_dealing/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/uglykitten2020** (7,161 points)

That company should lead by example - give out their product/service for free. For art.

**u/Torcal4** (4,287 points)

Plot twist: he was painting the WinRAR logo

Edit.: that’s a lot of awards! Thanks!

**u/geeen** (2,606 points)

Hi everyone just breaking in my new Windsor and Newton brushes with this watercolour of the words "COMTEC Innovation Solutions" in Impact font.

**u/HourlyAlbert** (2,150 points)

There is a yoga studio in my area whose building had a very large brick wall on one side. They held a “contest” for artists to submit their design for this wall and the winner would get (drum roll please) the honor of painting a huge wall and having their art on the side of it, for you know, exposure. 

Reality is a bunch of moms took their kids pictures against the wall, posted it, and tagged the yoga studio, not the artist whose work is the literal backdrop.

**u/JeanPicLucard** (1,910 points)

"Monetize your hobbies"

--Also--

"Why should I have to pay you for something that should be your hobby?"

**u/cheapdrinks** (1,231 points)

He comes back to their offices once a month to ask if they're still happy with the logo and if they would consider paying him now but if not that's totally fine

**u/Soke1315** (907 points)

They did this in southern Indiana for a mural on a McDonald's wall as well. They paid though but not enough to cover time and supplies (only 100 dollars) and it was a massive 3 walls that they wanted painted to have some of the more scenic views in b.c. painted in a mural. My friend won the contest and once she was halfway through she wished she hadnt. She ended up havinv to fork ovee money for more supplies in the end and used up all of hers as well as the ones she bought in the 1st place with the money they gave her.

**u/cat_prophecy** (837 points)

[Anyone in the creative arts should watch this](https://youtu.be/mj5IV23g-fE?t=14)

Doing shit for free/barely nothing devalues your own art as well as that of others.

**u/ThatSquareChick** (724 points)

People at my job: “I like the dancers who look like they’re having fun!” Also them when I ask to get paid for the show I just did because the bar makes me: “you *like* stripping? Ew, I’m not going to subsidize your hobby.”

**u/whenthewindupbird** (569 points)

The ironic thing is those people were actually shocked about needing to pay, they actually believed an artist would do such work for free.

**u/JeanPicLucard** (529 points)

I've spent the last 7 minutes or so trying to wrap my head around why someone would think a person who strips shouldn't be paid to strip.

**u/CheeseFryConnoisseur** (467 points)

For the love of art

**u/ohsweetjesusmytits** (464 points)

Oh you wouldn't believe! Customers will say "wow i just found out you don't get paid by the club?" And I'll say "yeah they actually charge a fee for me to work here, all I make is from tips, dances and champagne rooms"....and still no tip 😂

**u/SANTAAAA__I_know_him** (436 points)

“I wasn’t told we’d have to pay”

...by who? Someone else told you that? Why would a 3rd party’s opinion matter in the slightest bit? They’re not the artist, they’re not the authority on deciding whether it’s gonna cost money or not.

**u/Circle_Trigonist** (379 points)

Or the long form version of this for professionals:  
[Fuck you, pay me.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVkLVRt6c1U&amp;t=0m56s)

**u/ThatSquareChick** (377 points)

Or the dreaded 1$ after a half hour VIP. They dig around in the wallet and pull out them 2 one dollar bills like I just stole their favorite dog. Jesus, are real, live naked titties pretending to like you not worth the extra 2$? Just keep it dude.

**u/foodstampsz** (247 points)

Not just 1 person either, they likely discussed it.

**u/ChasingAverage** (243 points)

It is unreal how little value people think art has.

A friend of mine once pulled a "why do we have to pay for it? Can't we just take the preview and use it?"

Probably one of the most frustrating arguments I've ever had given that:

1: Practically, this doesn't work. You can't just stretch a tiny preview image onto the side of a car.

2: It's illegal.

3: The artist was a member of my family, he legit wanted me to rip off a family member and deal with the consequences of that like it was no biggy.

**u/UmbraN7** (231 points)

Please note that WinRAR is not free software. After a 40 day trial period you must either buy a license or remove it from your computer.

Edit: You guys know I'm just quoting what their ad says right? I don't actually care what you do with it

**u/NBA_MSG** (201 points)

I'd paint them the biggest dong possible so they'd have to pay to clean it up and then pay someone to do the logo

**u/Torcal4** (199 points)

Me: but I didn’t

WinRAR: Well we tried, cant win em all.

**u/whenthewindupbird** (173 points)

Oh yeah I am sure they were all agreeing each other “yes that guy is good, my friend referred him” “People do this all the time they just love it” “I bet he is excited about having the whole wall to pain!”

**u/ohsweetjesusmytits** (172 points)

I like the guys who'll come sit FAR AWAY from where I'm currently dancing on stage, put down a single dollar, and act like I'm gonna run over and come grab it. No. No sir.

**u/taidell** (165 points)

Man bless WinRAR. While every other piece of software I downloaded as a teen asked me to pay, WinRAR said "It'd be cooler if you could pay but you're good friend". 

And Irfanview. Thanks guys.
