# My dads a photographer, this is his most recent client.

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/jonnymoon5  
**Score:** 86,503  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/mkpzve/my_dads_a_photographer_this_is_his_most_recent/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/r-y-a-n_j-a-m-e-s** (15,726 points)

"I don't know how to compensate your time..."

Money usually works best.

**u/jjkase** (6,653 points)

I prefer to be compensated with copious amounts of Slim Jims, but i like to pick them out myself, so just give me the money for them and i'll definitely go get them.

**u/LegendaryOutlaw** (5,056 points)

The HARDEST of flexes. I love it. What did they have to say back?

'Wow, 3 times? But how many insta followers do you have? I think I could really help you reach my following, i have over 300 you know.'

**u/Sickboy2396** (3,521 points)

Abba said it best: *money money money*

**u/heybudbud** (2,926 points)

&gt;I'm so exposed I could be naked.

What an excellent response.

**u/speculativekiwi** (2,520 points)

Gotta imagine it'll be the classic response of "fuck you I was trying to help you, your photography is shit anyway".

**u/rockytop24** (1,062 points)

My son has cancer and he needs this photograph! You are killing my child if you say no, AND he's going to cry on his birthday, you monster!

**u/happinuknoit** (937 points)

That is an excellent line. Also CONGRATS ON THE RECOGNITION DAD!

**u/jagger27** (812 points)

[Homer Simpson](https://media.giphy.com/media/3o6MbdUJLbOLDlqEFi/giphy.gif) figured it out too.

**u/Highlander198116** (797 points)

But you haven't got the pulitzer.   You are about 7500 exposure points away.

**u/H0tShinglesInUrArea** (580 points)

Awwwww, Why can’t I have no kids and three money?!


Edit: I’m just [quoting the Simpsons](https://youtu.be/HIEWgwRrY9s) folks

**u/xrumrunnrx** (486 points)

That made me consider the fact some of these people could politely ask if the person would be interested in any kind of alternate compensation (barter or service). That's not terrible as long as they aren't rude about it and it's reasonable.

But no, seems like virtually everyone who can't pay just expects it for free.

**u/dubious_too** (450 points)

The photos were for the church honey. NEXT.

**u/Janeiskla** (415 points)

What about Skinny Jimothy?

**u/Tlayoualo** (410 points)

"I don't know how to compensate your time..."

Well, there's this invention that can be traded for goods and services that has been independently developed in many cultures through different ages; how is it called? oh yeah, money.

**u/OnTopicMostly** (319 points)

Yep, I did a quick website for a photographer in exchange for a session. Why not!

**u/SeniorBeing** (290 points)

&gt;'Wow, 3 times? But how many insta followers do you have? I think I could really help you reach my following, i have over 300 you know.'

This is when you reply with a *"Just 30. The art directors and editors of the top 30 publications with the biggest circulations in all country."*

**u/chortle-guffaw** (211 points)

Value for value. No problem.

**u/tukachinchilla** (202 points)

Awesome slapback.

Was he still a CB after that, or did he get the hint?

**u/fiah84** (168 points)

"what are your rates?"

so awkward

**u/-the-mighty-whitey-** (165 points)

Your dad is awesome. Such a professional "humblebrag" way to tell someone to get fucked lol. Did the CB get the hint?

**u/aSharkNamedHummus** (161 points)

Thin Jimmy

**u/moondrunkmonster** (159 points)

"All you're doing is literally taking pictures it's not even that hard, my nephew offered to do it for half, you lost yourself a customer"
