# Posted here a few days ago that one of my “friends”, wanted a piece of art for free in exchange of “exposure”. She saw I posted the conversation here and this is what she texted me last night.

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/[deleted]  
**Score:** 86,484  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/an22x1/posted_here_a_few_days_ago_that_one_of_my_friends/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/kelik1337** (18,840 points)

You should send her the link to this post in a day or so.

**u/dotblot** (14,409 points)

Member of sub but still CB?

Did she use this sub to take pointer and how to be the most insufferable CB.

**u/alphamale968** (11,339 points)

Donate your art to me.  My dog could do a better job than you.  But I still want it. Also exposure.

**u/Medraut_Orthon** (8,231 points)

Dude, this bitch read the god damn post ABOUT HERSELF and she still didn't catch on. She literally said she is not a beggar in the follow. And continued to be a choosey beggar immediately  after that.

**u/ReadditMan** (6,487 points)

Wait so they subscribe to choosingbeggars and they don't even realize that they're one of them?

**u/TheCatsMeow_13** (2,897 points)

Lol so basically, "I don't want it because you suck, but actually I still want it and make it free."

**u/PuffinPastry** (2,419 points)

Shes not a beggar, she just deserves free things from OP because... because... because something!

**u/DarehMeyod** (2,185 points)

"$160."

"No."

"Fine, $120."

"No."

"Okay fine, $100."



Some fine haggling skills there.

**u/Debasers_Comics** (1,625 points)

Your "friend" is a piece of shit.  Why associate with people like her?

**u/CUKA-BLYAT** (1,266 points)

&gt;Sorry can't delete it

LMAO

**u/Debasers_Comics** (1,196 points)

She's a tick on the ass of humanity.

**u/Reizo123** (1,119 points)

But-but-but look at all the exposure they got on this anonymous website.

**u/abnormalsyndrome** (1,067 points)

I hope she reads this message : you’re a choosing beggar and also a dumb fuck.

**u/KetordinaryDay** (970 points)

Hey CB, if you're reading this, I just want to let you know that yes, you *are* a beggar.

**u/WhatTheFuckKanye** (918 points)

"Gimme it"

"No"

"Is shit anyway.... Gimme it"

**u/coffeeorigami** (896 points)

I love that she saw your post, even if she’s still too fucking dumb to understand her own error. It’s beautifully karmic.

**u/truth_sentinell** (832 points)

*the art of the deal*

**u/DarkSyde3000** (735 points)

My dogs painting an abstract of me right now. I won't be giving her any treats or anything, she's getting exposure at Petco so whatevs.
