# Friend is upset I won’t let him use my new car to get laid

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/iGuessImBad  
**Score:** 85,913  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/etx7b9/friend_is_upset_i_wont_let_him_use_my_new_car_to/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/TheCanadianbloke** (18,403 points)

This fucker would get to drive my car exactly 0 times after pulling this bullshit.

**u/iGuessImBad** (11,564 points)

He hasn’t replied yet and he’s supposed to be here in an hour. Tempted to leave and have his ass waiting here for no reason

Update: Ending isn’t exciting as you may hope. Texted him back and told him he couldn’t borrow my car. Talked to my parents and they asked why I would lend it to anyone in the first place cause it’s only a liability for me to do so

Update 2: Homies and I roast each other all the time. Him calling me a fucking asshole is norm for us. We don’t get easily offended

**u/PooShauchun** (5,243 points)

Man I love my friends to death but I would never let them borrow my car if it wasn’t an emergency.  On the reverse I would feel so embarrassed asking my boy to borrow his car to make self look better. 

Your friend needs to step his shit up.

**u/Woodyville06** (3,269 points)

I let a guy borrow my car when I was in the army (it wasn’t new - it was about 11 years old at the time).  He ran it out of gas and left it.  I had to get a ride (with a gas can) to get it back.  He said “wow, I didn’t know it used that much gas”.

I let a friend ride a new to me (2 years old) dirt bike I had just bought.  Yup, he wrecked it.  Fortunately it only bent the handlebars.  Yes, he said he would pay, no he never did.

Now I don’t care who you are, I won’t loan you my ride.  I’ll give you lift if I can, otherwise Enterprise will pick you up.

**u/SpikeDeathcore** (2,685 points)

Dude, your homie sounds like a piece of shit.

Only giving a shit about getting laid and how he’s been wanting to ‘hit that’

**u/VpureDROPBEAR** (2,460 points)

Stellar final response. What a jackass.

Edit: friend is thw jackass, not OP.

Edit 2: formatting because mobile, and thanks for the 2k updoots!

**u/PM_ME_UR_NETFLIX_REC** (1,890 points)

My dad instilled in me the belief early on that you should never loan your car to someone unless you can handle them destroying it.

My dad and my then-fiancee (now wife) are the only two people who have ever driven a car that I own.  In an emergency I let my FIL drive it briefly and never again.

I don't get why you would extend a $30k risk to someone that you weren't willing to spend $30k on.

**u/Adrithia** (1,203 points)

Yep. This. Just never let friends borrow your car. I let a friend borrow my car to go to work since it was raining and she would have to walk otherwise. 2 days later she walked into my (dorm) room picked up my keys and said ‘I need your car, I’m taking my friends to the movies’ and thus ended our friendship and my willingness to let anyone borrow my car. 
I do make exceptions for emergencies and family I trust (as in my younger sister and only my younger sister)

**u/Woodsmokes9** (1,196 points)

Total piece of shit. Lying about your car on a first date to try get laid? What a sad excuse for a human

**u/fleetingfirework** (1,136 points)

1) If he’s that worried about the appearance of the car he’s driving, I’d assume he’s gonna try for car sex. Which, I mean, fine, but it’s not his car, and I know I’d be a little weird about my friends fucking in my car? Occasionally stuff makes a mess. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 

2) He’s talking about her as if she’s a piece of meat he’s been salivating over for years. Gross.

**u/ExodusNBW** (970 points)

If he doesn’t have it currently, there’s no way I would give it to him. No way at all.

**u/beardsandwiches** (872 points)

It’s always good to start a first date with lies and say “whip” a lot.

**u/juliep917** (793 points)

Pittsburgh, by chance?

**u/Spicercakes** (741 points)

N E V E R.  E V E R.   Take a new car to the South Side on a Saturday night.

**u/Raiden32** (714 points)

This story is so startlingly familiar to me it’s nuts. You.. aren’t from the Midwest are you? Dirt bike wasn’t dropped by someone in the Chicagoland area was it?

Long shot, I know. But I also know I guy who had a story like that from the army, and I was there when his bike got dropped...

**u/THEJAZZMUSIC** (710 points)

Great advice on cleaning up his house too, imo.

No car is gonna do the trick if your bathroom looks like you'll catch the black plague if you sit down to piss.

**u/bjones2004** (637 points)

I go by the same thing. I let my mom borrow my truck or car and that's it. I got a car sitting in my driveway that runs fine and looks fine but I don't drive it anymore and plan to sell it this spring. My wife's alcoholic brother who just lost his job, wife, and kids while blaming it on everyone else asked if he could rent it from us. I told my wife and MIL hell no. He can take his sorry ass somewhere else. I work too hard for the shit I have to loan it out to someone who won't call or see his kids while I'm having to be their father figure. They got pissed at me but I refuse to budge.

**u/darament** (464 points)

Yeah she would figure it out after he shows up with a shitty car the second date so all those years of work for a possible one night stand

**u/Condawg** (464 points)

Holy shit, to just assume like that... Unbelievable.

**u/drumocdp** (399 points)

How about Never Ever go to the southside on a Saturday night?

**u/i_was_a_person_once** (381 points)

Don’t let him
Borrow it. He won’t bring it back and since you lent it to him the cops will not help recoup. Leave and tell h to bugger off. And like he said “is he really gonna let a. Car end your friendship”

**u/BonnieBobcat** (364 points)

It's a small army (figuratively speaking) I wouldnt be surprised if you and that dude ran into it each or were in the same area.

Backstory: went through basic with a dude, didnt see him for 3 years after. Randomly passed him while walking in/him walking out of the Exchange while on a short rotation in Italy. Small army.

**u/Lobstarkm** (358 points)

Because it is. This is Dodge Charger fan fiction.

**u/Velvet_Unicorn2154** (350 points)

Wow people really talk like this?

**u/Ralfarius** (350 points)

Swear to god I couldn't get past the constant use of whip even when the conversation got heated. What a scumbag.
