# Choosing beggars are expecting more from free movie showings

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/4chargers  
**Score:** 85,785  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/cy6aq9/choosing_beggars_are_expecting_more_from_free/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/Pengleaf** (7,816 points)

I was recently at an event hosted by a local church, they were serving free cheese pizza. Never in my life did I expect people people to complain about pizza, but all I heard was, “they should’ve gotten toppings”, or “where’s my pepperoni”. I dunno bout y’all, but my favorite kinda pizza is free pizza.

**u/Deathscua** (5,677 points)

I brought my coworkers donuts on Friday and of course paid out of pocket, I bought two dozen to try to cheer people up. One guy jokingly asked, “where the coffee?”

Then again a couple hours later he says, next time you should also have coffee. Like wtf? I seriously never want to do that again.

**u/4chargers** (3,287 points)

Straight facts right there. Free food is best food, but some people will never be able to appreciate anything in life I guess.

**u/sandiercy** (2,602 points)

Tell him that if he wants coffee, he can bring it himself.

**u/trentblase** (1,682 points)

"But next time you're bringing the coffee and donuts right?"

/r/showercomebacks

**u/roy_rolled** (1,662 points)

This whole thread and post is really heartbreaking.

**u/ckreyn00** (1,321 points)

When I worked for a bookstore, we provided free coffee, tea, and hot cocoa to customers at a little station at the front of the store. When we had special events, there would be trays of cookies or mini cupcakes. One day, a woman came up to my worker, interrupted his conversation with another customer, and forcefully said, “The trays up front are empty. I don’t know what was on them, but I didn’t get any and I need some.”

**u/PoopOnMePlease1** (1,041 points)

It actually shocks me that anyone entertains these kind of people. The immediate response should be - this is free. You can accept it and enjoy it or you can leave.

**u/BobbyFL** (811 points)

That and the people would just complain that they can’t enjoy the pizza or have any cause such and such topping(s) is on it. You’ll never please everyone, it’s impossible, but you do these things for the people that ARE grateful, not the entitled whiners that aren’t.

**u/sandiercy** (731 points)

I want to know where this library is, you know, for research.

**u/ElZoof** (670 points)

"Certainly, madame. Here are your laxatives and your specimen cup."

**u/4chargers** (613 points)

Sucks he couldn’t have been more appreciative of a gift you paid for. Some people are just never satisfied and always want more, especially from others.

**u/FrenchLama** (601 points)

I really need to find a library that does free screenings **with free popcorn and beers**

**u/4chargers** (533 points)

That’s pretty much all of choosing beggars as a subreddit from what I’ve seen. Either heartbreaking or triggering

**u/smc642** (508 points)

I am an avid home baker. I like to make sweet and savoury baked goods for my coworkers. Recently, I’ve been told that I should be baking gluten free, and also being aware of other dietary requirements. I’ve also been asked to make extras so that they can take things home for their families. 

Yeah, nah. I’m not baking for work again any time soon.

**u/kissmekatebush** (489 points)

Yeah, I used to make birthday cakes for people at my company until one day someone said "Don't forget it's so and so's birthday on Friday."  He said it like my kindness was an obligation and I had no right to forget to make her a cake.  Wanker.

**u/CafeSilver** (404 points)

I bought bagels for an office of 50 people years ago at this place I used to work at.  Bought 6 dozen bagels (78 bagels total due to baker's dozen), 18 ten ounce containers of various cream cheese flavors, regular butter, and peanut butter.  The office already supplied coffee so I didn't buy any of that from the bagel shop.  But I did buy orange and apple juice from the grocery store.  I also bought nice paper plates (the thick kind), napkins, cups, and plastic knives.

Almost no one said thank you.  I paid for it out of my own pocket.  People still complained.  Numerous people were complaining they only got one bagel and other people got two.  I heard complaints about not providing coffee even though they could get coffee in the kitchen area 50 feet away.  Complaints I didn't also bring ice.  Complaints that the bagels weren't toasted (toaster was also in the kitchen).  Never did anything even remotely like that again.  Ungrateful shitheads.

**u/unforgettable_potato** (399 points)

"need"

Yes ma'am, I need a lot of things too...

**u/lydocia** (388 points)

I've lost enough patience with these people to just not include the "accept" option.

"You complain about something I'm putting time, effort and money into, to share for free with people who appreciate it. I can choose not to include you, so leave."

**u/Bangledesh** (383 points)

I hope someday I'll be able to do something like that.

It'd be nice to make people happy.

**u/4chargers** (381 points)

True, just gotta try and ignore those that aren’t grateful

**u/CheekyChechen** (379 points)

The jerk store called...

**u/MotherHolle** (355 points)

You ever wonder what it's like to be one of the assholes who does this kind of shit reading these threads of people just destroying your entire existence. I wonder if it ever changes peoples' minds, or if they think: "Next time, I'm gonna be even *more* ungrateful!" Alternatively, I'd bet that those folk are probably here in the comments pretending to hate their kind.

**u/4chargers** (319 points)

Agreed. Research is very important, especially regarding the validity of libraries.

**u/HenryKrinkle** (312 points)

They were filled with gratitude and good manners. I’m sorry to see you missed out.
