# Private college is upset that i donated to a broke charity they run and not them. (removed prior for identifying info, fixed now)

**Sub:** r/ChoosingBeggars  
**Author:** u/omegaweapon  
**Score:** 85,056  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/bv2pj0/private_college_is_upset_that_i_donated_to_a/  

---


---

## Top Comments

**u/SirTiffAlot** (16,354 points)

'He had a Spanish sounding name.'

Oooooohh you mean Carlos!

**u/imnotinsane13** (8,543 points)

The smarmy ‘Buenos Tarde’ sold it for me lol

**u/omegaweapon** (7,575 points)

Yes i post alot. It's coming up to tax time, they come out like zombies. Every second day on average

These were upgrades for wheelchairs. Turning them from shitty ones to motorised ones. I did 5 for the broke charity for free, not knowing they had a rich big sister that didn't care about them. I was charging the college but they never paid the deposit so it didn't happen.

**u/Lindboigah** (7,083 points)

Lmao! She goes on to threaten to steal the motorized wheelchairs.
What an inhumane thing to threaten to do.
Hilarious back and forth though!

**u/Paranoidas** (6,979 points)

And then she claimed discrimination. I bet Carlos got a laugh out of that.

**u/HNutz** (6,937 points)

&gt;"We'll just have to commandeer those chairs you made for poor, disabled kids."


Fucking A, does she even HEAR herself?!?


Glad you put her on your list. Now she gets NOTHING.


Warms my heart.

**u/Monkey_Kebab** (6,646 points)

You know I swear I saw this posted earlier, but it was submitted by u/carlos or some other Spanish guy...

**u/AntiAtavist** (4,202 points)

&gt;Them and I.



&gt;You can't do that! Not without our permission!



&gt;I and them, then.


Perfect snark, i love it.

**u/ZoSocrats** (3,792 points)

The 6 follower statement killed me!

**u/lightningboltx** (3,321 points)

Please don't stop posting

**u/MachineCarl** (2,859 points)

I agree

Source: I'm a Carlos lmao

**u/mnsuckboy** (2,414 points)

Definitely sounds like a private college thing to do. I'm soooooooo curious as to which one!

**u/omegaweapon** (2,375 points)

Knowing the media it'll start with "local ex con now engineer...." Then "a misunderstanding turned ugly when Abs Delfuego put her on his shit list"

**u/Artkinn** (2,364 points)

I love it because A. She was talking to a Carlos and B. Because it's not even grammatically correct, making it so that that's the best Carlos she's getting!

**u/Scientolojesus** (2,091 points)

Well they have over 50k so clearly they're morally superior.

**u/SC487** (2,044 points)

Maybe you forgot the name. Check your email.

**u/More-I-am-gamer** (1,864 points)

Can you like, I dunno, send this to your local news outlet so they can talk about it on the 6 o'clock spot? I just feel like it's interesting enough and shocking enough that it would warrant at least some local press.

**u/zurisadai** (1,633 points)

Checked my email, couldn’t find it. Clearly he was using a F A K E N A M E

**u/omegaweapon** (1,562 points)

I've had lawyer types baffle me with logic where i was speechless. But then my real lawyer shuts them down. I helped him out financially when he was going through legal school, so he's always ready to jump in and bat for me. I actually owe him now

**u/BukkakeCocktail** (1,481 points)

Especially since she gave him permission to share with his followers.

**u/Nordrian** (1,477 points)

She obviously made up the Carlos Orspanishname thing, hopping that there was a good chance for there to be a spanish named dude, and that they would feel obligated.

**u/blomqv** (1,469 points)

Yeah, why can't we know which college?  Bad moves like this deserve bad pr

**u/bud_hasselhoff** (1,414 points)

Abs front pages on Reddit somewhat commonly at this point.  This post already has 20k+ votes.

You ever come across somebody you shouldn't have fucked with?

**u/russianr0ulett3** (1,352 points)

Ah she saw delfuego and then remembered it was Spanish sounding 🤔 must be Carlos !
