# So I'm a male porn actor...

**Sub:** r/DeadBedrooms  
**Author:** u/pornishard  
**Score:** 3,914  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/DeadBedrooms/comments/ccxmnw/so_im_a_male_porn_actor/  

---

Someone linked me to a reply in this sub, asking for my input. I was surprised to find that this sub exists, but even more surprised to find it populated by lots of women dating guys who choose jerking it to porn over having sex with them.

I am a male porn actor. Or was, I'm getting out of the game. I got into it out of curiosity, continued it for money, but now I'm fine with both. It kinda blows my mind that there are men out there who prefer porn to real sex. Because porn isn't real sex. On set we often joke that the people watching these videos are enjoying it far more than we are. You guys don't see everything behind the camera - the director, AD, grips, makeup, whatever other people. Having sex in front of an audience is actually kinda hard, and a lot of guys can't do it. We don't get to have sex the way we want to, we gotta do it the way the director wants, who has his own style, or is trying to give the audience what he thinks they want. A lot of the positions don't actually feel all that good.

Then there are the porn actresses. They're really just average, normal women. I mean that in the best way possible. What you see on camera is a lot of professional makeup and lighting and camera angles. A lot of the women will take off the makeup and look completely different. Once on set an actress walked in with no makeup on, came over to me and said hi and was all friendly, and I was thinking "who the hell is this?" until she sat down in the makeup chair and completely transformed and I finally recognized her. We'd shot a movie together last month. I had sex with this woman, and I had no idea who she was without makeup. After a shoot a lot of women will remove the makeup and then go walk around outside and no one has any idea that she's a porn star.

Most of the women are nice and friendly enough, but they'll all clearly there because it's a job and they're getting paid. Sometimes we go from meeting for the first time to having sex within 20-30 minutes. We don't necessarily get to build up any sort of relationship together, just here she is, fuck her. Some of these women deserve academy awards for their acting performances. Even if she does enjoy the sex, she's overselling it for the sake of the camera. 

Porn just isn't sexy. It's a business, a carefully-crafted product designed to appeal to male fantasies. 

I've had sex with a lot of porn actresses, a few well-known ones, but that never compares to sex with a real woman, who actually wants me and is into me, and is real and genuine. I remember one day I had a relatively good shoot - the director was mostly hands-off, the actress was very attractive (makeup and fake tits, but still...), she was nice enough, and she did enjoy the sex as far as I could tell (with overselling for the camera). I finished early, and hit up a FWB who I knew in the area who happened to be free. The sex with her was just better in every way. She may not have been as physically attractive as the porn actress, but she was real. She was really into me. Her pleasure was real. We weren't performing for a camera. It wasn't even comparable.

For any porn-obsessed dudes who might be reading - it's all a fantasy. A product that's packaged and sold for maximum audience appeal. Porn actresses are normal women under the smoke and mirrors. Porn sex is just a performance. If you are a woman who is dating a porn-obsessed dude - this might not mean much to you, but as a guy who's been on the other side of the screen, I know that you have so much more to offer. I would much rather have the reality of you than the fantasy of you. And I hope you can find a guy who feels the same way.
