# After almost two years of marriage, my wife and I finally had sex.

**Sub:** r/DeadBedrooms  
**Author:** u/sp00kyd00ky  
**Score:** 3,755  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/DeadBedrooms/comments/duim6k/after_almost_two_years_of_marriage_my_wife_and_i/  

---

***I'm sorry if this is all over the place. I'm just excited and had trouble writing this.***


Everything was great leading up to the wedding date when she started to realize that something wasn't right. Fatigue, dehydration, nausea, cramps, and rapid weight loss. We saw countless doctors but our questions weren't being answered. 

I received a call from her boss telling me that she was taken to the hospital. Her vagina become so swollen that even sitting down cause great pain. Tests were ran and discovered a fistula connecting her rectum to the vagina. Her body was slowly leaking stool into the vagina and was causing all the infections and pain. 

It was repaired and the healing process started. It took around three months to fully recover everything. 

I told her that I would give her all the time she needed and was with her every step of the way. I made a vow to always be there in sickness and in health until the end of our lives. 

We were just being lazy in bed together and she told me she was finally ready to try again.   It was one of the most intimate things we've experienced together. 

TLDR: Wife became very ill. We didn't have sex for two years including on our wedding night. Doctors finally figured out what made her sick. Had sex at 3:34PM today.
