# I’m finally done. The final straw — and it was such a small final piece that pushed me to leave.

**Sub:** r/DeadBedrooms  
**Author:** u/desperateandugly  
**Score:** 2,912  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/DeadBedrooms/comments/dts55k/im_finally_done_the_final_straw_and_it_was_such_a/  

---

I’m 26f. And my post history makes me cry when I look at it. This relationship makes me feel pathetic and ugly, while deep down I know I am neither.

This week he has been abruptly pulling his dick out and putting it in my face (as if he wants a spontaneous blowjob) at inopportune moments — claiming that he was feeling fleetingly playful or horny.

I was sitting down on the couch in the living room this past Sunday afternoon, being yelled at by an irrational client, and suddenly my partner is standing at my shoulder and pulling down his pants to put his flaccid dick in my face. 
This morning, I was going to the bathroom and while I was on the toilet (peeing) he opens the door and suddenly his dick is in my face. 

We don’t have a “sudden spontaneous blowjob” sort of intimacy. And although I would LOVE to work toward that, this is not a sincere gesture on his part.

The timing feels deliberate, and the abruptness seems to be mocking me. He has a sarcastic “oh I thought you wanted more of my dick” smugness after the fact.

But I tried to give the benefit of the doubt. Maybe I was being too suspicious, and this really was him trying. Maybe we’ve been too busy for him to devote more time to intimacy so he’s trying for quickies? 

But tonight was the last night I can take. I’m done. 


He took an edible — a good sign, because being stoned helps resolve his ED. 
Daughter went to bed easy, it was just us and he didn’t immediately turn on the tv — a good sign, because that means he’s open to us interacting, 

And then nothing happened. My attempts at snuggling were stonewalled. I kissed him a few times and got the bare minimum in reciprocation. 

It was about a half hour earlier than we would normally go to bed. I asked if he would like to go lay in bed with me, naked. He made a sour face and started complaining about how early it is. I think of all the times he’s claimed it’s “too late” to have sex. Now I feel like laughing that, of course, it’s “too early”.

So I went to bed alone. 

And I’m done. 

For some reason this mundane event, that I’ve experienced so many times, was the final straw. And I can’t describe why.

I’m leaving him. Or rather, he’s leaving. Because I pay for everything. I’ve been supporting him while he goes to school and uses me like a surrogate mother. Doing his laundry and paying the bills. I will not let my daughter learn to stay where she is unfulfilled and undervalued. 

First thing tomorrow morning, I’m giving him 30 days notice to find somewhere new to live. Wish me strength and resolve.
