# She left.

**Sub:** r/DeadBedrooms  
**Author:** u/AskNYoullGet  
**Score:** 2,777  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/DeadBedrooms/comments/heg5ip/she_left/  

---

She left last night after a not so fun father's day.

I have felt alone for so long in this marriage. I had a great day with the kids, enjoying the sun for a few hours and then playing boardgames. She was, as usual, quiet and detached.

My limit was cooking my own father's day dinner and her having some sort of fit because " it was too nice out to waste time playing boardgames"... Keep in mind, it was like 95F outside and the kids needed a break and obviously no one but me was going to cook dinner. Don't get me wrong, I'm the one who cooks so no big deal but on father's day it felt like an insult after she had been detached the whole day.

So fast forward to yesterday. She didn't say one word to me and was very short with the kids. As usual. She followed up with a huge explosion. "I have been observing you the whole day with the kids to see if you were going to kick them outside but you don't care..."

She has an obsession with what other people post on social media. The most screwed up part is that my kids keep asking her to get off of her phone. She's glued to that thing 24/7.

The kids and I workout together. Normally, I would lift at the gym and do CrossFit at home. The kids love it. You may ask if I have invited her to workout with me. I tried for years. She would just get angry for some reason.

So last night I told her that we needed to separate. I talked to the kids, it was tough but they understood. As I was packing, she said with an attitude that she's the one who should be leaving and that the kids "would probably be happier if I left..." Ok, sure.

So she left. The kids are a bit sad but fine, I'm getting ready to make them some pancakes as I type this. I love it. 

I may feel differently at some point, but I don't feel numb or sad. I feel light.
