# UPDATE: I've (22M) been married to my wife (26F) for a year and I'm still a virgin.

**Sub:** r/DeadBedrooms  
**Author:** u/ThowRAForcedCelebacy  
**Score:** 2,433  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/DeadBedrooms/comments/ss8whk/update_ive_22m_been_married_to_my_wife_26f_for_a/  

---

[Original Post](https://www.reddit.com/r/DeadBedrooms/comments/sq24hm/ive_22m_been_married_to_my_wife_26f_for_a_year/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share)


Hi all. If this post seems disjointed at all, it's because I keep having to walk away from it.

Firstly I want to that everyone that reached out, either on the post or by message. I've read every single post, comment, and message (that was exhausting, by the way!) and I appreciate everyone that was thoughtful and wasn't rude. I know that a lot of you want an update, so I'll do my best to convey everything that has taken place in the last 24 hours. I'm sat at my desk right now and I can't focus on my work at all.

The update. Where the hell do I start?

I sat down with my wife on Sunday. She spent the day at her parent's house on Saturday, which I realise now that I'm writing this the ramifications of that. At first she was totally unreceptive. I asked that she just listen and to let me talk, then to take a few moments to consider her response. She agreed. I talked to her calmly (as calmly as I was able to), I told her that I was concerned, that I wanted to love my wife in every way possible, that I married her because I loved all of her and that I wanted to know what was going on with her. I told her that I knew she had been sexually active in the past, and I wanted to know why they were able to be with her wholly but I wasn't. This is incredibly simplified as I talked for almost an hour, and she listened without interrupting.

As I talked she started crying. She didn't sob or break down, she was quiet and tears rolled down her cheeks and that, honestly, made something inside me break and I began crying too. I don't cry. I haven't cried since I scuffed my knee when I was 7 (exaggeration, but you get the idea).

After I finished talking we sat and looked at each other for some time. I could see she was thinking. She just silently shook her head. At that point things nearly fell apart, as I asked if she wanted me to contact a solicitor on Monday to begin divorce proceedings. She fully broke down then. She cried so hard, sobbing, that she ended up as a ball on the floor. This shocked me. I've never seen her like that. I don't remember doing it, but I ended up on the floor cuddling her whilst she cried. 

And then the damn broke. She started talking. And I....I really don't know what to say other than repeat what she said to me. I've got her permission to type this all out, but I have to keep it vague for reasons that will become obvious.

#I'll say now that if you're sensitive, or are triggered by sexual assault, you should click away now.#

So her dad, from here on I'll call him Dave, isn't her real dad. Dave came into her life when she was 7, her bio dad exiting when she was just 5. I never knew this. I just knew him as her dad. Dave was the perfect dad for years, by her memory. He took her out for ice-cream, looked after her when she was sick, spent money on her, bought her nice things, etc. You know, dad stuff.

When she was 13 or 14 he began to touch her. His excuse, apparently, was that she was a developing young woman and she was a temptation for all men, so who better than someone that loves her? As you can guess, this developed to him coming to her bed late at night. 

When she was in her later teen years (16-17 she thinks) he would take her out and allow his "friends" to have fun with her. One of these "friends" went around bragging about it and word got out and my wife got tarnished with a few nasty monikers that I'll let you imagine. Her friend (the one I had coffee with) heard about it, and other "conquests" through the grapevine. She knew my wife at the time, but they weren't really friends until college where she tried to ask my wife about it, but my wife shrugged it off. (I asked how the friend knew, as it confused me somewhat)

When she was about to head off to University, Dave bought a house around the corner from his for her to live in. This is the house we have been living in for the past few years. He would make regular visits to her here and keep financial control over her bank account and the fact that he owned the house.

Dave wasn't happy when my wife met me, and insisted that she not sleep with me. Me being a virgin made that sell easier, I guess. He threatened to "expose" her and to kick her out of the house and "cut her off". This continued until our engagement. I actually asked that man for his daughter's hand in married and he acted thrilled. He even gave me an expensive bottle of whisky to celebrate.

Dave promised my wife that he would end the "arrangement" when we got married, and even give her a parting gift by transferring the house into her name and giving her a cash present. Safe to say that didn't happen. He "decided" that she was too good for me. On our wedding day. OUR WEDDING DAY. He demanded a blowjob off her and told her to come over the following day, which is where she was. He told her, whilst he was raping her, that he wouldn't tolerate another man using her body and that I wasn't allowed inside her. After he was done with her she left and cried all day and even thought about ending herself. When I heard that I very nearly lost it. I'm not a small guy, 6'3 and well built, and I was ready to go around and rip this *thing* apart. My wife stopped me and continued. Her swimming, although some think she was using it as a cover, was legit. She swims daily and it's her way of coping. The regular visit to her parent's house are for him. 

There was more. So much more. My heart hurts. Hell, my very soul hurts. I didn't sleep at all last night. And I have this burning anger and hatred deep down. I still love her, but my soul feels like it's been torn apart.

As soon as she got it all out I contacted the police, who came to the house and took her statement, all of the stuff she said to me and more that I either don't remember or she left out to spare me. She gave names, dates, showed phone records and written evidence from emails and a secure messenger that Dave insisted she use to chat with him. Everything. He and his wife (my wife's mother) were arrested immediately. I've arranged for her to go to therapy: the first session is this week.

That's the update. It's horrible. It's a mess. I'm a mess. My wife is a mess. I'm going to be here for her. I'm going to try and set things right and do whatever I can. We're getting the fuck out of this house as soon as we can - I'm looking for rentals at the moment. I have almost enough saved to put a downpayment on a new house, but we'll cross that bridge when we're ready.

Thanks for being here. Thanks for letting me rant. And thanks for your support.
