# Wife finally admitted why

**Sub:** r/DeadBedrooms  
**Author:** u/Jambanditcrumpit  
**Score:** 2,368  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/DeadBedrooms/comments/1fenv6a/wife_finally_admitted_why/  

---

DB for 5 years, married 10. Me 40 HLM, her LLF 39. 

tl:dr wife admitted that the reason for our DB is she doesn't like the mess of sex and struggles with smells, textures etc. I offered to wear a condom and make changes to keep sex mess free which she was happy about. Ended in amazing sex with my wife. 

From the start, Sex went from once a day, to once a week, once a fortnight, to once a month. This last year, once every 3 to 4 months. I don't want to get worse. My libido has gone through the roof since hitting 40, been going to the gym more to work out frustrations. 

Endless talks with wife. Often results in some pity sex but no real change. Offered to pay for counselling but she didn't want that. I went anyway, it's helped to talk &amp; on the advise of the counsellor have tried different approaches with various results. 

Few days ago was my birthday. Yes, she put out but it really was the straw that broke the camels back. This sad existence &amp; cycle I'm in. I actually ended up getting emotional. And slept in the spare room. 

The next day she came to me &amp; apologised. I just said, can you please just be honest &amp; tell me why, or what it is that has got us to this point. 

I usually get a lot of excuses but she did take the time to think about her answer &amp; although I could see she was struggling with getting the words out I kept my mouth shut &amp; waited. I didn't care if it hurt me. I just wanted answers. 

Eventually we got to the point. Or should I say points. This is a bit explicit but I'm just going to say it verbertim... 

First off mess &amp; smell. She said she is having some issues with texture &amp; feel &amp; basically the feeling of my come inside her afterwards doesn't feel good to her at all. She hates mopping herself afterwards &amp; the stickiness working it's way out of her for however long. She also doesn't like the smell of her vagina after sex &amp; it takes literally days, sometimes weeks for it to go back to normal &amp; it makes her feel kind of sick. it takes about a week for her to feel clean &amp; then alongside that there will be a period to contend with next so that's another week no sex, &amp; yet more mess to deal with. 

She admits she doesn't like the taste, or smell of semen full stop. She wouldn't mind giving me a BJ but the idea of the smell or taste means she can't do it. She admits this has always been an issue but as she's got older these sensitivities to odors &amp; textures are amplified 

Secondly, sweat, &amp; other potential bodily fluids on the bedsheets. She can't sleep afterwards, in the air, the sex smell, her body smells, my body odour. She said she's so sensitive to all of these things it sets her senses on edge &amp; she can't sleep, she feels dirty. She feels gross in the sweaty sheets, she showers but then comes back to the room which to her smells stale.

Thirdly, she doesn't feel sexy. She can see I've got into shape, she feels frumpy in comparison. I really don't give a shit if she's gained a few lbs, I love her &amp; find her super sexy. 

Fourth, she feels under pressure to perform &amp; admits that she gives me duty sex but she hasn't enjoyed it for some time because of the above reasons. 

I was actually happy she admitted these things to me. I said if we could work on the smell, texture &amp; taste issues would this help overall &amp; she agreed. 

I said to her I'm happy to wear a condom for oral, or anything, &amp; for mess maintenance. She said this would massively ease her anxieties around this, she even confessed she had wanted to suggest some flavoured condoms but she never thought I would go for the idea. I thought if a piece of plastic is all I have to endure to have sex with my wife, fuck it. Bring it on. 

Secondly, we will have sex in the spare bedroom, &amp; I agreed to strip the bed, open the windows immediately after &amp; put sheets in the wash. She agreed this would help her not think about the dirty sheets just laying in there all night &amp; the stale air. 

Thirdly I agreed to take a shower before &amp; after &amp; she could do the same if she wished. 

I also asked about the prospect of me giving her oral as this is something I miss so much. She said she feels a bit embrassed asking me to wear a condom for oral but being okay with me eating her out &amp; it felt inbalanced. I reassured her that I'm not the one with a texture, smell, or taste issue here &amp; if she was happy for me to go down there all natural I'd be happy to oblige. 

All this to say, she actually said she was feeling more excited about the prospect of sex. I didn't want to push my luck but I asked would she like me to pick up some flavoured condoms for next time, I was going to the shop that day so it was a hint, but also I didn't want to appear to eager &amp; push my luck because we'd just done duty sex. I was surprised by the continued eagerness. She said yes, get some today. 

Trust me when I say I came back with options. I could tell she was a bit bashful about all the new revelations but I didn't make a big deal of it. Instead kept it light hearted, &amp; presented my flavour finds made a bit of a joke about all her potential fruity choices. 

My jaw about hit the floor when she picked up the strawberry pack, opened them &amp; said, shall we give these a go?.... And she meant now 

Not only did I get the first BJ I've had in well since I can remember, but it was the best BJ I think I have ever had from my wife. I could really see &amp; feel she was into it, she also let me go down on her &amp; I think because she had a new level of safety with our new arrangement she was able to enjoy it. 

We also had some amazing amazing sex. No mess, no fuss, she showered after while I stripped the bed, aired the room, then I took a shower &amp; we spent the rest of the evening cuddled up on the sofa for the the first time in literally years. It feels like all my Christmasses at once. She has said all evening how much she enjoyed it, I do not remember the last time she gave me any kind of validation after sex. She has also expressed how amazing it feels to just feel clean &amp; to not be constantly thinking about her body having to feel gross for a few days. And not having to think about her bed being dirty, I have told her I will strip &amp; remake the bed any time we have sex. 

She said that the idea of having future non messy sex this way really makes sex much more appealing to her for the future. I'm not holding my breath just yet but everything she is saying &amp; even the way her body language is, is giving me lots of hope I haven't had for literally years.

I'm praying this is the start of something good. 

Edit: Wow I wasn't expecting my post to get quite so much interest but just because there were a lot of comments relating to my wife and her sensitivity issues. She has complex ADHD, which she takes some medication for and she manages it very well. She is a clean and tidy one though, we do suspect there is a connection with autism as we believe her dad had it, he has passed now but there were very strong indicators so potentially some crossover but she doesn't seem overly bothered to investigate this further. 

She has always had odor and texture sensory issues. I myself have ensured that I am always well groomed, take maticulous care of my dental hygiene and my hands are always washed and cleaned. This is how I have maintained a decent level of physical touch, kisses and affection so the lack of sex and intimacy has always been a bit of a mystery to me. She has always purchased all the soaps, laundry, washing liquids to make sure that she likes the smell, and I also gave her full control to buy whatever smellies/products for me, it doesn't matter to me, but if it matters to her and it allows closeness because I smell good to her, no problem, no budget, go for it. I also never come back from the gym sweaty, I will always shower there, and always keep my clothes clean and washed.

After we have spent more time talking on the sesory issues now I'm thinking about it all, I am annoyed I didn't put it all together sooner. When she was trying to tell me, she was physically shaking, I genuinely thought it was that she was having an affair so when it was what it was, it was a huge relief. After reading some of your comments, it is even more reassuring to know she is not the only one, not for my sake but because she still feels like she is a weirdo about it. I think she would have some relief knowing others feel that way too, I don't think it's helped by the fact she has a lot of very sexually explicit female friends who are living some of their wild years right now after recent break ups, or just with their very sexually active partners. She has since expressed the utter shame of how she has felt about sex for all these years, and assumed that if she told me that she wanted it "Mess free" then I would feel imasculated and be sure to try and seek messy "fun" sex from elsewhere. 

And she felt it was truly a royal piss take to ask me, the guy that had the snip for her to not have to worry about contraception, to then wrap it up too. She said she was never going to ask me that. 

I have gently asked he if she would reconsider some counselling for herself which she said she will consider. So fingers crossed. 

Thank you for all your kind words. Appreciate the support. I will try to keep this updated.
