# 8 years ago, I ignored all of your advice. Now, I'm a piece of shit.

**Sub:** r/DeadBedrooms  
**Author:** u/dblurker  
**Score:** 2,094  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/DeadBedrooms/comments/ses1kr/8_years_ago_i_ignored_all_of_your_advice_now_im_a/  

---

8 years ago, I posted about my relationship with my girlfriend. 

It's still up if you want to take a look, but the tldr of it was, I was in a relationship with a woman that never was very interested in sex and we were only having it once every other month. 

I was frustrated with the situation, found this sub, got great advice about not moving forward until we took steps to figure the situation out, possibly consider couples counseling or since we were so young, just breaking up because it not only was unfair for me to not have my needs met, but also unfair for her to have this constant pressure to doing something she's just not into.

**I ignored all of your advice.**

I did tell her how I felt, we went to counseling and our breakthrough was that we didn't feel connected and therfore sex wasn't being seen as a priority. We settled on the relationship needing to move on to the next steps and me proving I was committed for our sex life to improve. 

So I kept the relationship going. 

We got engaged. 

We got married. 

We had 2 kids. 

**We now have sex 3 times a year. We have the same sexual communication issues we had when we were in our mid-20s when it comes to sex. She still clams up when the subject is brought up. I still let her off the hook because she's visibly upset.**

She's a great person, I love the non-sexual aspects of our relationship. We make a great team. I love our children, I think we're raising them right. We have a great support system in family &amp; friends. We are more than  financially stable. We have a beautiful home.

**But I was still deeply unfulfilled sexually.**

I started an affair with a married woman last spring. She's also in deadbedroom, but unlike me, this wasn't her first affair. We meet about once a week. The sex is amazing. 

We met up again last night for a few hours, we go our separate ways and I jump into my car. The exact moment I close the door to my car, my wife calls me. I answer and she immediately asks me where I am. I freeze. I'm stuttering, panicking and I hang up on her. 

The timing is too perfect. I imagine she followed me to the hotel, waited and is trying to catch me in the lie. The weight of everything I'm doing hits me. 

"You're cheating on your wife."

"She knows. Someone saw you. You're now going to lose everything" 

"You're the antagonist in your family's life story. "

"You're a piece of shit" 

My wife is calling me back. Repeatedly. I'm stuck in this negative feedback loop for God knows how long. 

I pull out of it. And finally call her back. I hear concern in her voice, she asking me what the hell is going on, why did I sound like I did and cut off on her. 

I tell her that I almost got hit my a truck and the semi hit another car ahead of me. I'm fine, but a little shaken up because I thought the other driver was hurt and had to talk to a police officer. 

She's glad to hear I'm OK. She was just calling me to pick up something on my way from the office. I say I'll get it and other things and be home soon. We say our I love you's and hang up.

I was a bit bummed out today and decided to stay home. I remembered this post, logged in and decided to give an update. 

Not really looking for advice or anything. 

Just hope this serves as, maybe, a cautionary tale or helps someone think about where they might end up if they ignore this. I lied to myself for 7 years, ignored my needs and took the cowardly option. Now I'm lying to my wife and I'm one mistake away from ruining my family. 

I should have fucking listened to you guys.
