# I took a chance

**Sub:** r/DeadBedrooms  
**Author:** u/dougsmith353  
**Score:** 1,992  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/DeadBedrooms/comments/ba405x/i_took_a_chance/  

---

I left a 30 year relationship with my ex wife a few years ago. I went 14 years without sex. I became dependent on porn and sex toys. It turn into a natural thing for me.
 The part that made me leave was a few years ago she stopped everything. No kisses no hand holding, just nothing. I had always kept a safe distance from woman (stay away from temptation) and I was good at it. Never ever cheated on her.
 I guess my head finally said enough is enough. I wanted a partner for travel and plays and music and sex and talking and walks and life.
 I called it quits and that was that. Then a wonderful thing happened. A lady from work asked me out. We decided to just go and hang out in downtown Toronto. I went and picked her up and we started our date. She took me on the most romantic day. She won my heart that day.
 I told her as we got more involved about some of my problems like porn and we worked them out
 We have been together for 18 months and life is great. We goto shows and events and hold hands and kiss like crazy. I got a passport and went on 3 vacations. Salt water is amazing.
 Sex was a problem for me at the beginning. Not being able to finish or to fast or not working at all. Porn had really fucked up my ideas of sex. 
 We worked it all out. I don't watch porn and i have not used my toys since. 
 Last year we created a little game last year based on a statement I heard many many years ago. 
When you start dating put a jelly Bean in a jar everytime you have sex . Then when you get married take one out each time you have sex. You will never empty the container the saying says.
 Last year we started an O jar. We put 5 dollars in our jar everytime you get an orgasms from the other person. We counted them last week. She had 120 and I had 140 $5 bills in the 2 jars. We're going to Cuba for a week.
 I am in my 50s and I am having so much fun and stuff. I never new this was possible for me. 
 I know my life could have turned out any way but I was willing to take the chance. I took the chance because it was me making a choice. Me taking charge of my life.
 I am not saying it was easy. I lost alot. I am still feeling the losses of not seeing my daughter and grandkids very often. They moved away with my ex. 
 But I am happy in my core. Knowing I am loved and being able to love is amazing. Being wanted in so many ways makes you feel unbelievable.
