# I fear I am the wife most of you post about with dread, but that ends today.

**Sub:** r/DeadBedrooms  
**Author:** u/korn_49  
**Score:** 1,905  
**Source:** https://reddit.com/r/DeadBedrooms/comments/bsr4cp/i_fear_i_am_the_wife_most_of_you_post_about_with/  

---

So I found this sub completely by chance, just by going down a rabbit hole of subs... And I have to say, the more posts I read the worse I felt about myself, and the more guilty I felt.  I realize now that I am that “LL” wife to my husband, but not purposefully of course. 

Every night and every time our baby sleeping or is napping he tries to initiate, but I always make some sort of excuse. “I’m tired”, “I don’t want to wake the baby”, or “I want some time to myself to de stress”.  It’s all true, I’m not lying about anything to spite him, but I see now that constantly denying him isn’t making a healthy relationship. As selfish as it is, I never thought about it from his perspective. 

Finally having read all of these posts that show what it’s like on the other side constantly receiving  these “excuses” has snapped me out of things. From this day forward I am making a promise to myself to reciprocate his advances, and even initiate things myself. 

Im doing this because I do love him, I think he’s extremely sexy. I just get so caught up in my life, my mind, my job, my duties, and sometimes that that’s all I can think about. But I’m now going to make more time for him. 

Thank you!


***Edit: I can’t believe all the kind words of encouragement I have received, it makes me feel that much more motivated to work on myself and help improve my relationship. 


Also, thank you to everyone who took the time to share their stories with me as well... I know it’s hard to talk about this stuff. It really is. I was considering using a throw away for this post but thought why?? I need to just face this issue. 


And to those that had negative things to say.... I’m not gonna let that bring me down! First of all, I’m not feeling “guilty” to the point of “pity sex” with my man. It’s not like I don’t want to, I DO want sex from him, I DO find him sexy and attractive, and I DO still very much love him after 6 years together. I just genuinely seem to not be in the mood at the right times. 


But I realize now the reason I keep turning him down and am too tired or too stressed because we need to communicate our needs better. 

I need to tell him when I need more help with the baby or more help around the house to avoid being over stressed and frustrated when he wants sex. In turn he needs to listen more when I want to vent about a stressful day, that will help me be less stressed. 


I need to let him know when I’m sore and exhausted after a long day of work so he can rub my feet or do something nice for me.  I brought this fact up to him and he said he would love to give me a foot or back massage, but I just never ask... and that there’s my problem. 


I don’t communicate my needs enough, and take it upon myself to isolate myself to try and de stress on my own. It just doesn’t work that way sometimes, and I can already tell that communicating my needs better will pay off. 


I told him about this sub and about how guilty I felt. Not gonna lie it was a little embarrassing. He laughed about it and insisted we didn’t have a “dead bedroom” but I know he was just saying that to make me feel better! Long story short I initiated last night and it was magical! We had some great personal conversation after the fact up until like 2 am.... that hasn’t happened in forever..  I’m really making an effort here guys! 

Here’s to keeping the spark going. Thank you reddit!
